1. A company is using large language models (LLMs) to develop online tutoring applications. The company needs to apply configurable safeguards to the LLMs. These safeguards must ensure that the LLMs follow standard safety rules when creating applications. Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST effort?


2. A company is exploring Amazon Nova models in Amazon Bedrock. The company needs a multimodal model that supports multiple languages. Which Nova model will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively?


3. A company is building a new generative AI chatbot. The chatbot uses an Amazon Bedrock foundation model (FM) to generate responses. During testing, the company notices that the chatbot is prone to prompt injection attacks. What can the company do to secure the chatbot with the LEAST implementation effort?


4. What does inference refer to in the context of AI?



5. A company wants to build an AI assistant to provide responses to user queries. The AI assistant must evaluate specific data sources, query external APIs, generate response options, and compare and prioritize response options. Which Amazon Bedrock feature or resource will meet these requirements?



6. An AI practitioner notices a large language model (LLM) is generating different responses for the same input across multiple invocations. Which risk of AI does this describe?



7. A company is building a generative AI application on AWS. The application will help improve reading comprehension for students. The application must give students the ability to add illustrations to stories. Which solution will meet this requirement?



8. A healthcare company wants to analyze patient data. The data was gathered over the previous year to detect patterns in disease outbreaks. The company needs to create a trend analysis report for each month to present to public health officials. The company must provide insights into patient data from the most recent month of the current year. Which inference method will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively?



9. A company acquires International Organization for Standardization (ISO) accreditation to manage AI risks and to use AI responsibly. What does this accreditation reflect about the company?



10. A company is developing an ML model to predict heart disease risk. The model uses patient data, such as age, cholesterol, blood pressure, smoking status, and exercise habits. The dataset includes a target value that indicates whether a patient has heart disease. Which ML technique will meet these requirements?



11. A company has guidelines for data storage and deletion. Which data governance strategy does this describe?



12. A company needs to apply numerical transformations to a set of images to transpose and rotate the images. Which solution will meet these requirements in the MOST operationally efficient way?



13. An AI practitioner is writing software code. The AI practitioner wants to quickly develop a test case and create documentation for the code. Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST effort?



14. A company is developing a generative AI application to automatically generate product descriptions for an ecommerce website. The product descriptions must consist of paragraphs of text that are consistent in style and tone. The application must generate thousands of unique descriptions each day. Which type of generative model will meet these requirements?



15. An AI practitioner has trained a model on a training dataset. The model performs well on the training data. However, the model does not perform well on evaluation data. What is the MOST likely cause of this issue?