46. A medical company wants to modernize its onsite information processing application. The company wants to use generative AI to respond to medical questions from patients. Which AWS service should the company use to ensure responsible AI for the application?



47. Which metric is used to evaluate the performance of foundation models (FMs) for text summarization tasks?



48. What is the benefit of fine-tuning a foundation model (FM)?



49. A company wants to improve its chatbot's responses to match the company's desired tone. The company has 100 examples of high-quality conversations between customer service agents and customers. The company wants to use this data to incorporate company tone into the chatbot's responses. Which solution meets these requirements?



50. An ecommerce company is using a chatbot to automate the customer order submission process. The chatbot is powered by AI and is available to customers directly from the company's website 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. Which option is an AI system input vulnerability that the company needs to resolve before the chatbot is made available?



51. A social media company wants to prevent users from posting discriminatory content on the company's application. The company wants to use Amazon Bedrock as part of the solution. How can the company use Amazon Bedrock to meet these requirements?



52. Which statements about model latent space are correct? 



53. What are the primary use cases for storing embeddings in a vector database like Amazon OpenSearch Service?



54. How does top-p (nucleus) sampling differ from traditional temperature-based sampling?



55. Which features of Amazon Aurora with pgvector are most important for AI applications? 



56. A company is developing an ML model to make loan approvals. The company must implement a solution to detect bias in the model. The company must also be able to explain the model's predictions. Which solution will meet these requirements?



57. A company has developed a generative text summarization model by using Amazon Bedrock. The company will use Amazon Bedrock automatic model evaluation capabilities. Which metric should the company use to evaluate the accuracy of the model?



58. An AI practitioner wants to predict the classification of flowers based on petal length, petal width, sepal length, and sepal width. Which algorithm meets these requirements?



59. A company is using custom models in Amazon Bedrock for a generative AI application. The company wants to use a company managed encryption key to encrypt the model artifacts that the model customization jobs create. Which AWS service meets these requirements?



60. A company wants to use large language models (LLMs) to produce code from natural language code comments. Which LLM feature meets these requirements?
