36. Which of the following statement is correct for a Security Group and a Network Access Control List (Network ACL)?



37. As per the AWS Shared Responsibility Model, which of the following is a responsibility of AWS from a security and compliance point of view?



38. Due to regulatory and compliance reasons, an organization is supposed to use a hardware device for any data encryption operations in the cloud. Which AWS service can be used to meet this compliance requirement?



39. Which of the following statement is correct regarding the AWS pricing policy for data transfer charges into or out of an AWS Region?



40. A fleet of Amazon EC2 instances spread across different Availability Zones (AZ) needs to access, edit and share file-based data stored centrally on a system. As a Cloud Practitioner, which AWS service would you recommend for this use-case?



41. Which of the following solutions can you use to connect your on-premises network with AWS Cloud?



42. What are the fundamental drivers of cost with AWS Cloud?



43. A company wants a fully managed, flexible, and scalable file storage system, with low latency access, for its Windows-based applications. Which AWS service is the right choice for the company?



44. An online gaming company wants to block users from certain geographies from accessing its content. Which AWS service can be used to accomplish this task?



45. A gaming company is looking at a technology/service that can deliver a consistent low-latency gameplay to ensure a great user experience for end-users in various locations. Which AWS technology/service will provide the necessary low-latency access to the end-users?



46. Which of the following AWS services are always free to use?



47. Which of the following is the correct statement regarding the AWS Storage services?



48. What is the primary benefit of deploying an Amazon RDS Multi-AZ database with one standby?



49. Which of the following statements are correct about the AWS root user account?



50. A retail company has multiple AWS accounts for each of its departments. Which of the following AWS services can be used to set up consolidated billing and a single payment method for these AWS accounts?