16. A company has AWS Lambda functions where each is invoked by other AWS services such as Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose, Amazon API Gateway, Amazon Simple Storage Service, or Amazon CloudWatch Events. What these Lambda functions have in common is that they process heavy workloads such as big data analysis, large file processing, and statistical computations. What should you do to improve the performance of your AWS Lambda functions without changing your code?



17. A developer while working on Amazon EC2 instances, realized that an instance was not needed and had shut it down. But another instance of the same type automatically got launched in the account. Which of the following options can attribute the given sequence of actions?



18. The development team at a retail organization wants to allow a Lambda function in its AWS Account A to access a DynamoDB table in another AWS Account B. As a Developer Associate, which of the following solutions would you recommend for the given use-case?



19. You are working for a technology startup building web and mobile applications. You would like to pull Docker images from the ECR repository, so you can start running local tests against the latest application version. Which of the following commands must you run to pull existing Docker images from ECR?



20. An AWS CodePipeline was configured to be triggered by Amazon CloudWatch Events. Recently the pipeline failed and upon investigation, the Team Lead noticed that the source was changed from AWS CodeCommit to Amazon Simple Storage Service (S3). The Team Lead has requested you to find the user who had made the changes. Which service will help you solve this?



21. As a site reliability engineer, you work on building and running large-scale, distributed, fault-tolerant systems in the cloud using automation. You have just replaced the company's Jenkins based CI/CD platform with AWS CodeBuild and would like to programmatically define your build steps. Which of the following options should you choose?



22. As a Developer, you are working on a mobile application that utilizes Amazon Simple Queue Service (SQS) for sending messages to downstream systems for further processing. One of the requirements is that the messages should be stored in the queue for a period. How will you configure this requirement?



23. A company uses microservices-based infrastructure to process the API calls from clients, perform request filtering and cache requests using the AWS API Gateway. Users report receiving 501 error code and you have been contacted to find out what is failing. Which service will you choose to help you troubleshoot?



24. A data analytics company wants to use clickstream data for Machine Learning tasks, develop algorithms, and create visualizations and dashboards to support the business stakeholders. Each of these business units works independently and would need real-time access to this clickstream data for their applications. As a Developer Associate, which of the following AWS services would you recommend such that it provides a highly available and fault-tolerant solution to capture the clickstream events from the source and then provide a simultaneous feed of the data stream to the consumer applications?



25. You are a developer working at a cloud company that embraces serverless. You have performed your initial deployment and would like to work towards adding API Gateway stages and associate them with existing deployments. Your stages will include prod, test, and dev and will need to match a Lambda function variant that can be updated over time. Which of the following features must you add to achieve this?



26. Your application sends messages to an Amazon Simple Queue Service (SQS) queue frequently, which are then polled by another application that specifies which message to retrieve. Which of the following options describe the maximum number of messages that can be retrieved at one time?



27. Your team-mate has configured an Amazon S3 event notification for an S3 bucket that holds sensitive audit data of a firm. As the Team Lead, you are receiving the SNS notifications for every event in this bucket. After validating the event data, you realized that few events are missing. What could be the reason for this behavior and how to avoid this in the future?



28. The development team at an IT company uses CloudFormation to manage its AWS infrastructure. The team has created a network stack containing a VPC with subnets and a web application stack with EC2 instances and an RDS instance. The team wants to reference the VPC created in the network stack into its web application stack. As a Developer Associate, which of the following solutions would you recommend for the given use-case?




29. A photo-sharing application manages its EC2 server fleet running behind an Application Load Balancer and the traffic is fronted by a CloudFront distribution. The development team wants to decouple the user authentication process for the application so that the application servers can just focus on the business logic. As a Developer Associate, which of the following solutions would you recommend to address this use-case with minimal development effort?



30. An organization with high data volume workloads have successfully moved to DynamoDB after having many issues with traditional database systems. However, a few months into production, DynamoDB tables are consistently recording high latency. As a Developer Associate, which of the following would you suggest to reduce the latency? 