56. A media company is building an application that needs to store video files in Amazon S3. Management requires that the files be encrypted before they are sent to Amazon S3 for storage. The encryption keys need to be managed by an in-house security team but the key itself is stored on AWS. Which solution should the company use to meet these requirements?



57. You have a web application hosted on EC2 that makes GET and PUT requests for objects stored in Amazon Simple Storage Service (S3) using the SDK for PHP. As the security team completed the final review of your application for vulnerabilities, they noticed that your application uses hardcoded IAM access key and secret access key to gain access to AWS services. They recommend you leverage a more secure setup, which should use temporary credentials if possible. Which of the following options can be used to address the given use-case?



58. Your company manages MySQL databases on EC2 instances to have full control. Applications on other EC2 instances managed by an ASG make requests to these databases to get information that displays data on dashboards viewed on mobile phones, tablets, and web browsers. Your manager would like to scale your Auto Scaling group based on the number of requests per minute. How can you achieve this?



59. A media company uploads new video metadata files to Amazon S3 and then posts an Amazon SQS message with the S3 object key for downstream processors. The team wants each message to remain hidden for a short period after it’s sent so consumers don’t receive it immediately. Which Amazon SQS feature should be used?



60. You have a popular web application that accesses data stored in an Amazon Simple Storage Service (S3) bucket. Developers use the SDK to maintain the application and add new features. Security compliance requests that all new objects uploaded to S3 be encrypted using SSE-S3 at the time of upload. Which of the following headers must the developers add to their request?



61. Your company leverages Amazon CloudFront to provide content via the internet to customers with low latency. Aside from latency, security is another concern and you are looking for help in enforcing end-to-end connections using HTTPS so that content is protected. Which of the following options is available for HTTPS in AWS CloudFront?




62. You are designing a high-performance application that requires millions of connections. You have several EC2 instances running Apache2 web servers and the application will require capturing the user’s source IP address and source port without the use of X-Forwarded-For. Which of the following options will meet your needs?



63. A data analytics company with its IT infrastructure on the AWS Cloud wants to build and deploy its flagship application as soon as there are any changes to the source code. As a Developer Associate, which of the following options would you suggest to trigger the deployment?



64.A company runs a highly available HTTPS app behind an Application Load Balancer. The lead engineer proposes routing requests by URL path (e.g., /api for backend calls and /app for client UI). Another engineer says path rules aren’t necessary and suggests using different subdomains instead (e.g., api.company.com and app.company.com). Which routing options are being discussed?



65. You are planning to build a fleet of EBS-optimized EC2 instances to handle the load of your new application. Due to security compliance, your organization wants any secret strings used in the application to be encrypted to prevent exposing values as clear text. The solution requires that decryption events be audited and API calls to be simple. How can this be achieved?


