46. Your AWS CodeDeploy deployment to T2 instances succeed. The new application revision makes API calls to Amazon S3 however the application is not working as expected due to authorization exceptions and you were assigned to troubleshoot the issue. Which of the following should you do?



47. You are revising options that would be best for monitoring a few EC2 instances you currently manage. Amazon CloudWatch has metrics available to monitor your EC2 instances for CPU load, I/O, and network I/O. Your budget does not allow for spending on monitoring so using the default monitoring available is your preferred choice. With default monitoring, at what interval will these metrics be collected?



48. A team runs an AWS Lambda function that writes incoming records to an Amazon RDS MySQL database. The first invocation takes about 2.0 seconds, but later invocations take about 1.9 seconds. They want to reduce execution time further. What should they do to improve performance?



49. An IT company has a web application running on Amazon EC2 instances that needs read-only access to an Amazon DynamoDB table. As a Developer Associate, what is the best-practice solution you would recommend to accomplish this task?



50. You are storing your video files in a separate S3 bucket than your main static website in an S3 bucket. When accessing the video URLs directly the users can view the videos on the browser, but they can't play the videos while visiting the main website. What is the root cause of this problem?




51. A .NET developer team works with many ASP.NET web applications that use EC2 instances to host them on IIS. The deployment process needs to be configured so that multiple versions of the application can run in AWS Elastic Beanstalk. One version would be used for development, testing, and another version for load testing. Which of the following methods do you recommend?



52. You are assigned as the new project lead for a web application that processes orders for customers. You want to integrate event-driven processing anytime data is modified or deleted and use a serverless approach using AWS Lambda for processing stream events. Which of the following databases should you choose from?




53. A team uses an AWS SDK for Java service that reads many items from a large DynamoDB table. They can’t add secondary indexes and need to retrieve the required items as quickly as possible. Which option can improve the performance of this read operation?



54. An IT company uses a blue/green deployment policy to provision new Amazon EC2 instances in an Auto Scaling group behind a new Application Load Balancer for each new application version. The current set up requires the users to log in after every new deployment. As a Developer Associate, what advice would you give to the company for resolving this issue?



55. Your company is in the process of building a DevOps culture and is moving all of its on-premise resources to the cloud using serverless architectures and automated deployments. You have created a CloudFormation template in YAML that uses an AWS Lambda function to pull HTML files from GitHub and place them into an Amazon Simple Storage Service (S3) bucket that you specify. Which of the following AWS CLI commands can you use to upload AWS Lambda functions and AWS CloudFormation templates to AWS?


