57. To enable HTTPS connections for his web application deployed on the AWS Cloud, a developer is in the process of creating server certificate.

Which AWS entities can be used to deploy SSL/TLS server certificates?


58. A startup with newly created AWS account is testing different EC2 instances. They have used Burstable performance instance - T2.micro - for 35 seconds and stopped the instance.

At the end of the month, what is the instance usage duration that the company is charged for?



59. An IT company is configuring Auto Scaling for its Amazon EC2 instances spread across different AZs and Regions.

Which of the following scenarios are NOT correct about EC2 Auto Scaling?




60. The Technical Lead of your team has reviewed a CloudFormation YAML template written by a new recruit and specified that an invalid section has been added to the template.

Which of the following represents an invalid section of the CloudFormation template?



61. An organization has offices across multiple locations and the technology team has configured an Application Load Balancer across targets in multiple Availability Zones. The team wants to analyze the incoming requests for latencies and the client's IP address patterns.

Which feature of the Load Balancer will help collect the required information?



62. As an AWS Certified Developer Associate, you been asked to create an AWS Elastic Beanstalk environment to handle deployment for an application that has high traffic and high availability needs. You need to deploy the new version using Beanstalk while making sure that performance and availability are not affected.

Which of the following is the MOST optimal way to do this while keeping the solution cost-effective?




63. In addition to regular sign-in credentials, AWS supports Multi-Factor Authentication (MFA) for accounts with privileged access.

Which of the following MFA mechanisms is NOT for root user authentication?



64. You are a developer working on AWS Lambda functions that are invoked via REST API's using Amazon API Gateway. Currently, when a GET request is invoked by the consumer, the entire data-set returned by the Lambda function is visible. Your team lead asked you to format the data response.

Which feature of the API Gateway can be used to solve this issue?




65. Your company has stored all application secrets in SSM Parameter Store. The audit team has requested to get a report to better understand when and who has issued API calls against SSM Parameter Store.

Which of the following options can be used to produce your report?



66. A developer is creating a web application that must give users the ability to post comments and receive feedback in near real time.
Which solutions will meet these requirements?

