56. A development team uses shared Amazon S3 buckets to upload files. Due to this shared access, objects in S3 buckets have different owners making it difficult to manage the objects. As a developer associate, which of the following would you suggest to automatically make the S3 bucket owner, also the owner of all objects in the bucket, irrespective of the AWS account used for uploading the objects?



57. You team maintains a public API Gateway that is accessed by clients from another domain. Usage has been consistent for the last few months but recently it has more than doubled. As a result, your costs have gone up and would like to prevent other unauthorized domains from accessing your API. Which of the following actions should you take?



58. A telecom service provider stores its critical customer data on Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3). Which of the following options can be used to control access to data stored on Amazon S3?



59. You have an Auto Scaling group configured to a minimum capacity of 1 and a maximum capacity of 5, designed to launch EC2 instances across 3 Availability Zones. During a low utilization period, an entire Availability Zone went down and your application experienced downtime. What can you do to ensure that your application remains highly available?



60. You are creating a mobile application that needs access to the AWS API Gateway. Users will need to register first before they can access your API and you would like the user management to be fully managed. Which authentication option should you use for your API Gateway layer?



61. A company has a workload that requires 14,000 consistent IOPS for data that must be durable and secure. The compliance standards of the company state that the data should be secure at every stage of its lifecycle on all of the EBS volumes they use. Which of the following statements are true regarding data security on EBS?



62. Recently, you started an online learning platform using AWS Lambda and AWS Gateway API. Your first version was successful, and you began developing new features for the second version. You would like to gradually introduce the second version by routing only 10% of the incoming traffic to the new Lambda version. Which solution should you opt for?



63. An organization is moving its on-premises resources to the cloud. Source code will be moved to AWS CodeCommit and AWS CodeBuild will be used for compiling the source code using Apache Maven as a build tool. The organization wants the build environment should allow for scaling and running builds in parallel. Which of the following options should the organization choose for their requirement?



64. You have a three-tier web application consisting of a web layer using AngularJS, an application layer using an AWS API Gateway and a data layer in an Amazon Relational Database Service (RDS) database. Your web application allows visitors to look up popular movies from the past. The company is looking at reducing the number of calls made to endpoint and improve latency to the API. What can you do to improve performance?



65. A company’s e-commerce website is expecting hundreds of thousands of visitors on Black Friday. The marketing department is concerned that high volumes of orders might stress SQS leading to message failures. The company has approached you for the steps to be taken as a precautionary measure against the high volumes. What step will you suggest as a Developer Associate?