91. A company needs to process XML data in AWS Glue but the built-in classifiers do not support it. What should the engineer do?



92. An organization needs to ensure that data in Amazon S3 cannot be deleted or overwritten for a regulatory retention period of 7 years. Which S3 feature should be used?



93. A data engineer is optimizing Amazon Redshift queries and notices that some queries are waiting for locks. What should be investigated?



94. A company wants to run serverless SQL queries against data in Amazon S3 and pay only per query. Which AWS service should be used?



95. A streaming application using Kinesis Data Streams needs to process records in the exact order they were written. What must be ensured?




96. A company wants to apply row-level security in Amazon Redshift so each user can only see rows belonging to their department. Which feature enables this?




97. A data engineer needs to validate that the count of records in the source matches the count in the target after an ETL job. Which AWS Glue feature supports this type of data quality check?



98. An Amazon EMR job is failing due to insufficient disk space during shuffle. What is the BEST solution?




99. A company ingests JSON data into Amazon S3, but the schema changes frequently with new fields being added. Which AWS Glue feature handles schema evolution automatically?



100. A data engineer wants to reduce Amazon Athena query costs by caching frequently run query results. Which Athena feature should be enabled?



101. A company needs to synchronize data between an on-premises SQL Server and Amazon RDS continuously with low latency. Which AWS service should be used?



102. A data engineer is using AWS Step Functions to orchestrate a pipeline. One step calls an external API that occasionally times out. What should be configured to handle this?



103. A company wants to implement a medallion architecture (Bronze, Silver, Gold) on Amazon S3. Which AWS service is BEST suited to manage the transformations between layers?



104. An organization needs to track all API calls made to AWS services in their data pipeline for auditing purposes. Which AWS service provides this?



105. A data engineer needs to optimize the storage layout of data in Amazon S3 for frequent range queries on a timestamp column. Which technique should be applied?