46. A company stores confidential data on an Amazon Simple Storage Service (S3) bucket. New regulatory guidelines require that files be stored with server-side encryption. The encryption used must be Advanced Encryption Standard (AES-256) and the company does not want to manage S3 encryption keys. Which of the following options should you use?



47. An e-commerce company has a fleet of EC2 based web servers running into very high CPU utilization issues. The development team has determined that serving secure traffic via HTTPS is a major contributor to the high CPU load. Which of the following steps can take the high CPU load off the web servers?



48. An IT company has a HealthCare application with data security requirements such that the encryption key must be stored in a custom application running on-premises. The company wants to offload the data storage as well as the encryption process to Amazon S3 but continue to use the existing encryption keys. Which of the following S3 encryption options allows the company to leverage Amazon S3 for storing data with given constraints?



49. A development team has inherited a web application running in the us-east-1 region with three availability zones (us-east-1a, us-east1-b, and us-east-1c) whose incoming web traffic is routed by a load balancer. When one of the EC2 instances hosting the web application crashes, the team realizes that the load balancer continues to route traffic to that instance causing intermittent issues. Which of the following should the development team do to minimize this problem?



50. A developer at a university is encrypting a large XML payload transferred over the network using AWS KMS and wants to test the application before going to production. What is the maximum data size supported by AWS KMS?




51. A company that specializes in cloud communications platform as a service allows software developers to programmatically use their services to send and receive text messages. The initial platform did not have a scalable architecture as all components were hosted on one server and should be redesigned for high availability and scalability. Which of the following options can be used to implement the new architecture?



52. The development team at an IT company has configured an Application Load Balancer (ALB) with a Lambda function A as the target but the Lambda function A is not able to process any request from the ALB. Upon investigation, the team finds that there is another Lambda function B in the AWS account that is exceeding the concurrency limits. How can the development team address this issue?



53. You are a DynamoDB developer for an aerospace company that requires you to write 3 objects per second of 8KB in size each. What write capacity unit is needed for your project?



54. A multi-national company maintains separate AWS accounts for different verticals in their organization. The project manager of a team wants to migrate the Elastic Beanstalk environment from Team A's AWS account into Team B's AWS account. As a Developer, you have been roped in to help him in this process. Which of the following will you suggest?



55. A development team has created AWS CloudFormation templates that are reusable by taking advantage of input parameters to name resources based on client names. You would like to save your templates on the cloud, which storage option should you choose?