31. A business has purchased one m4.xlarge Reserved Instance but it has used three m4.xlarge instances concurrently for an hour. As a Developer, explain how the instances are charged?



32. You are an administrator for a video-on-demand web application where content creators upload videos directly into S3. Recent support requests from customers state that uploading video files near 500GB size causes the website to break. After doing some investigation you find the following error: 'Your proposed upload exceeds the maximum allowed size'. What must you do to solve this error?




33. A business has their test environment built on Amazon EC2 configured on General purpose SSD volume. At which gp2 volume size will their test environment hit the max IOPS?



34. A developer is looking at establishing access control for an API that connects to a Lambda function downstream. Which of the following represents a mechanism that CANNOT be used for authenticating with the API Gateway?



35. As a Team Lead, you are expected to generate a report of the code builds for every week to report internally and to the client. This report consists of the number of code builds performed for a week, the percentage success and failure, and overall time spent on these builds by the team members. You also need to retrieve the CodeBuild logs for failed builds and analyze them in Athena. Which of the following options will help achieve this?



36. A university has created a student portal that is accessible through a smartphone app and web application. The smartphone app is available in both Android and IOS and the web application works on most major browsers. Students will be able to do group study online and create forum questions. All changes made via smartphone devices should be available even when offline and should synchronize with other devices. Which of the following AWS services will meet these requirements?




37. A data analytics company is processing real-time Internet-of-Things (IoT) data via Kinesis Producer Library (KPL) and sending the data to a Kinesis Data Streams driven application. The application has halted data processing because of a ProvisionedThroughputExceeded exception. Which of the following actions would help in addressing this issue?



38. The development team at an e-commerce company completed the last deployment for their application at a reduced capacity because of the deployment policy. The application took a performance hit because of the traffic spike due to an on-going sale. Which of the following represents the BEST deployment option for the upcoming application version such that it maintains at least the FULL capacity of the application and MINIMAL impact of failed deployment?



39. A developer is defining the signers that can create signed URLs for their Amazon CloudFront distributions. Which of the following statements should the developer consider while defining the signers?



40. The development team at an analytics company is using SQS queues for decoupling the various components of application architecture. As the consumers need additional time to process SQS messages, the development team wants to postpone the delivery of new messages to the queue for a few seconds. As a Developer Associate, which of the following solutions would you recommend to the development team?



41. A CRM application is hosted on Amazon EC2 instances with the database tier using DynamoDB. The customers have raised privacy and security concerns regarding sending and receiving data across the public internet. As a developer associate, which of the following would you suggest as an optimal solution for providing communication between EC2 instances and DynamoDB without using the public internet?



42. An Accounting firm extensively uses Amazon EBS volumes for persistent storage of application data of Amazon EC2 instances. The volumes are encrypted to protect the critical data of the clients. As part of managing the security credentials, the project manager has come across a policy snippet 



43. A developer working with EC2 Windows instance has installed Kinesis Agent for Windows to stream JSON-formatted log files to Amazon Simple Storage Service (S3) via Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose. The developer wants to understand the sink type capabilities of Kinesis Firehose. Which of the following sink types is NOT supported by Kinesis Firehose.



44. As a senior architect, you are responsible for the development, support, maintenance, and implementation of all database applications written using NoSQL technology. A new project demands a throughput requirement of 10 strongly consistent reads per second of 6KB in size each. How many read capacity units will you need when configuring your DynamoDB table?



45. An application running on EC2 instances processes messages from an SQS queue. However, sometimes the messages are not processed and they end up in errors. These messages need to be isolated for further processing and troubleshooting. Which of the following options will help achieve this?