56. A team lead has asked you to create an AWS CloudFormation template that creates EC2 instances and RDS databases. The template should be reusable by allowing the user to input a parameter value for an Amazon EC2 AMI ID. Which of the following intrinsic function should you choose to reference the parameter?


57. A development team is building a game where players can buy items with virtual coins. For every virtual coin bought by a user, both the players table as well as the items table in DynamodDB need to be updated simultaneously using an all-or-nothing operation. As a developer associate, how will you implement this functionality?



58. A developer with access to the AWS Management Console terminated an instance in the us-east-1a availability zone. The attached EBS volume remained and is now available for attachment to other instances. Your colleague launches a new Linux EC2 instance in the us-east-1e availability zone and is attempting to attach the EBS volume. Your colleague informs you that it is not possible and need your help. Which of the following explanations would you provide to them?



59. You create an Auto Scaling group to work with an Application Load Balancer. The scaling group is configured with a minimum size value of 5, a maximum value of 20, and the desired capacity value of 10. One of the 10 EC2 instances has been reported as unhealthy. Which of the following actions will take place?



60. A company has a cloud system in AWS with components that send and receive messages using SQS queues. While reviewing the system you see that it processes a lot of information and would like to be aware of any limits of the system. Which of the following represents the maximum number of messages that can be stored in an SQS queue?


61. A diagnostic lab stores its data on DynamoDB. The lab wants to backup a particular DynamoDB table data on Amazon S3, so it can download the S3 backup locally for some operational use. Which of the following options is NOT feasible?



62. A Developer is configuring Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling group to scale dynamically. Which metric below is NOT part of Target Tracking Scaling Policy?



63. The development team at a HealthCare company has deployed EC2 instances in AWS Account A. These instances need to access patient data with Personally Identifiable Information (PII) on multiple S3 buckets in another AWS Account B. As a Developer Associate, which of the following solutions would you recommend for the given use-case?


64. You are a developer working on a web application written in Java and would like to use AWS Elastic Beanstalk for deployment because it would handle deployment, capacity provisioning, load balancing, auto-scaling, and application health monitoring. In the past, you connected to your provisioned instances through SSH to issue configuration commands. Now, you would like a configuration mechanism that automatically applies settings for you. Which of the following options would help do this?



65. A development team is working on an AWS Lambda function that accesses DynamoDB. The Lambda function must do an upsert, that is, it must retrieve an item and update some of its attributes or create the item if it does not exist. Which of the following represents the solution with MINIMUM IAM permissions that can be used for the Lambda function to achieve this functionality?