1. Your company hosts a static website on Amazon Simple Storage Service (S3) written in HTML5. The website targets aviation enthusiasts and it has grown a worldwide audience with hundreds of thousands of visitors accessing the website now on a monthly basis. While users in the United States have a great user experience, users from other parts of the world are experiencing slow responses and lag. Which service can mitigate this issue?



2. A leading financial services company offers data aggregation services for Wall Street trading firms. The company bills its clients based on per unit of clickstream data provided to the clients. As the company operates in a regulated industry, it needs to have the same ordered clickstream data available for auditing within a window of 7 days. As a Developer Associate, which of the following AWS services do you think provides the ability to run the billing process and auditing process on the given clickstream data in the same order?



3. The development team at a social media company is considering using Amazon ElastiCache to boost the performance of their existing databases. As a Developer Associate, which of the following use-cases would you recommend as the BEST fit for ElastiCache?



4. An IT company has its serverless stack integrated with AWS X-Ray. The developer at the company has noticed a high volume of data going into X-Ray and the AWS monthly usage charges have skyrocketed as a result. The developer has requested changes to mitigate the issue. As a Developer Associate, which of the following solutions would you recommend to obtain tracing trends while reducing costs with minimal disruption?



5. A developer from your team has configured the load balancer to route traffic equally between instances or across Availability Zones. However, Elastic Load Balancing (ELB) routes more traffic to one instance or Availability Zone than the others. Why is this happening and how can it be fixed?



6. Your company uses an Application Load Balancer to route incoming end-user traffic to applications hosted on Amazon EC2 instances. The applications capture incoming request information and store it in the Amazon Relational Database Service (RDS) running on Microsoft SQL Server DB engines. As part of new compliance rules, you need to capture the client's IP address. How will you achieve this?



7. A company has hosted its website on an Amazon S3 bucket and have used another Amazon S3 bucket for storing the rest of the assets like images, fonts, etc. Which technique/mechanism will help the hosted website access its assets without access/permission issues?



8. You have deployed a traditional 3-tier web application architecture with a Classic Load Balancer, an Auto Scaling group, and an Amazon Relational Database Service (RDS) database. Users are reporting that they have to re-authenticate into the website often. Which of the following represents a scalable solution to make the application tier stateless and outsource the session information?



9. A digital marketing company has its website hosted on an Amazon S3 bucket A. The development team notices that the static JavaScript files, that are hosted on another S3 bucket B, are not loading correctly on the website. Which of the following solutions can be used to address this issue?



10. A junior developer working on ECS instances terminated a container instance in Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) as per instructions from the team lead. But the container instance continues to appear as a resource in the ECS cluster. As a Developer Associate, which of the following solutions would you recommend to fix this behavior?



11. You have been asked by your Team Lead to enable detailed monitoring of the Amazon EC2 instances your team uses. As a Developer working on AWS CLI, which of the below command will you run?



12. A company has their entire stack integrated with AWS X-Ray. A manager at the company noticed the skyrocketing AWS monthly usage charges for the X-Ray service. He tracked the abnormal bills to the high volume of input data going into X-Ray. As a Developer, you have been given the responsibility to fix this issue as quickly as possible, with minimal disruptions. Which of the below is the optimal choice for this issue?



13. A team is checking the viability of using AWS Step Functions for creating a banking workflow for loan approvals. The web application will also have human approval as one of the steps in the workflow. As a developer associate, which of the following would you identify as the key characteristics for AWS Step Function? 



14. A company uses Amazon RDS as its database. For improved user experience, it has been decided that a highly reliable fully-managed caching layer has to be configured in front of RDS. Which of the following is the right choice, keeping in mind that cache content regeneration is a costly activity?



15. A mobile gaming company is experiencing heavy read traffic to its Amazon Relational Database Service (RDS) database that retrieves player’s scores and stats. The company is using RDS database instance type db.m5.12xlarge, which is not cost-effective for their budget. They would like to implement a strategy to deal with the high volume of read traffic, reduce latency, and also downsize the instance size to cut costs. As a Developer, which of the following solutions do you recommend?