31. The company must also run reports on the RDS database several times a year. The report process causes transactions to take longer than usual to post to the customers’ accounts. The company needs a solution that will improve the performance of the report process. Which combination of steps will meet these requirements? 




32. A company is moving its data management application to AWS. The company wants to transition to an event-driven architecture. The architecture needs to be more distributed and to use serverless concepts while performing the different aspects of the workflow. The company also wants to minimize operational overhead. Which solution will meet these requirements?





33. A company is designing the network for an online multi-player game. The game uses the UDP networking protocol and will be deployed in eight AWS Regions. The network architecture needs to minimize latency and packet loss to give end users a high-quality gaming experience. Which solution will meet these requirements?




34 A company hosts a three-tier web application on Amazon EC2 instances in a single Availability Zone. The web application uses a self-managed MySQL database that is hosted on an EC2 instance to store data in an Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) volume. The MySQL database currently uses a 2 TB Provisioned EBS volume. The company expects traffic of 1,000 IOPS for both reads and writes at peak traffic. The company wants to minimize any disruptions, stabilize performance, and reduce costs while retaining the capacity for double the IOPS. The company wants to move the database tier to a fully managed solution that is highly available and fault tolerant. Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively?




35. A company hosts a serverless application on AWS. The application uses Amazon API Gateway, AWS Lambda, and an Amazon RDS for PostgreSQL database. The company notices an increase in application errors that result from database connection timeouts during times of peak traffic or unpredictable traffic. The company needs a solution that reduces the application failures with the least amount of change to the code. What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements?




36. A company is migrating an old application to AWS. The application runs a batch job every hour and is CPU intensive. The batch job takes 15 minutes on average with an on-premises server. The server has virtual CPU (vCPU) and memory. Which solution will run the batch job within 45 minutes with the LEAST operational overhead?




37. A company stores its data objects in Amazon S3 Standard storage. A solutions architect has found that 75% of the data is rarely accessed after 30 days. The company needs all the data to remain immediately accessible with the same high availability and resiliency, but the company wants to minimize storage costs. Which storage solution will meet these requirements?





38. A gaming company is moving its public scoreboard from a data center to the AWS Cloud. The company uses Amazon EC2 Windows Server instances behind an Application Load Balancer to host its dynamic application. The company needs a highly available storage solution for the application. The application consists of static files and dynamic server-side code. Which combination of steps should a solutions architect take to meet these requirements? 




39. A social media company runs its application on Amazon EC2 instances behind an Application Load Balancer (ALB). The ALB is the origin for an Amazon CloudFront distribution. The application has more than a billion images stored in an Amazon S3 bucket and processes thousands of images each second. The company wants to resize the images dynamically and serve appropriate formats to clients. Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?



40. A hospital needs to store patient records in an Amazon S3 bucket. The hospital’s compliance team must ensure that all protected health information (PHI) is encrypted in transit and at rest. The compliance team must administer the encryption key for data at rest. Which solution will meet these requirements?




41. A company uses Amazon API Gateway to run a private gateway with two REST APIs in the same VPC. The BuyStock RESTful web service calls the CheckFunds RESTful web service to ensure that enough funds are available before a stock can be purchased. The company has noticed in the VPC flow logs that the BuyStock RESTful web service calls the CheckFunds RESTful web service over the internet instead of through the VPC. A solutions architect must implement a solution so that the APIs communicate through the VPC. Which solution will meet these requirements with the FEWEST changes to the code?




42. A company hosts a multiplayer gaming application on AWS. The company wants the application to read data with sub-millisecond latency and run one-time queries on historical data. Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?





43. A company uses a payment processing system that requires messages for a particular payment ID to be received in the same order that they were sent. Otherwise, the payments might be processed incorrectly. Which actions should a solutions architect take to meet this requirement?




44. A company is building a game system that needs to send unique events to separate leaderboard, matchmaking, and authentication services concurrently. The company needs an AWS event-driven system that guarantees the order of the events. Which solution will meet these requirements?




45. A hospital is designing a new application that gathers symptoms from patients. The hospital has decided to use Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) and Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) in the architecture. A solutions architect is reviewing the infrastructure design. Data must be encrypted at rest and in transit. Only authorized personnel of the hospital should be able to access the data. Which combination of steps should the solutions architect take to meet these requirements? 




