16. A company hosts a multi-tier web application that uses an Amazon Aurora MySQL DB cluster for storage. The application tier is hosted on Amazon EC2 instances. The company’s IT security guidelines mandate that the database credentials be encrypted and rotated every 3 days.
What should a solutions architect do to meet this requirement with the LEAST operational effort?




17. A company has deployed a web application on AWS. The company hosts the backend database on Amazon RDS for MySQL with a primary DB instance and five read replicas to support scaling needs. The read replicas must lag no more than 1 second behind the primary DB instance. The database routinely runs scheduled stored procedures. As traffic on the website increases, the replicas experience additional lag during periods of peak load. A solutions architect must reduce the replication lag as much as possible. The solutions architect must minimize changes to the application code and must minimize ongoing operational overhead. Which solution will meet these requirements?




18. A solutions architect must create a disaster recovery (DR) plan for a high-volume software as a service (SaaS) platform. All data for the platform is stored in an Amazon Aurora MySQL DB cluster. The DR plan must replicate data to a secondary AWS Region. Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively?




19. A company has a custom application with embedded credentials that retrieves information from an Amazon RDS MySQL DB instance. Management says the application must be made more secure with the least amount of programming effort. What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements?



20. A media company hosts its website on AWS. The website application’s architecture includes a fleet of Amazon EC2 instances behind an Application Load Balancer (ALB) and a database that is hosted on Amazon Aurora. The company’s cybersecurity team reports that the application is vulnerable to SQL injection. How should the company resolve this issue?



21. A company has an Amazon S3 data lake that is governed by AWS Lake Formation. The company wants to create a visualization in Amazon QuickSight by joining the data in the data lake with operational data that is stored in an Amazon Aurora MySQL database. The company wants to enforce column-level authorization so that the company’s marketing team can access only a subset of columns in the database. Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?




22. A transaction processing company has weekly scripted batch jobs that run on Amazon EC2 instances. The EC2 instances are in an Auto Scaling group. The number of transactions can vary, but the baseline CPU utilization that is noted on each run is at least 60%. The company needs to provision the capacity 30 minutes before the jobs run. Currently, engineers complete this task by manually modifying the Auto Scaling group parameters. The company does not have the resources to analyze the required capacity trends for the Auto Scaling group counts. The company needs an automated way to modify the Auto Scaling group’s desired capacity. Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?




23. A solutions architect is designing a company’s disaster recovery (DR) architecture. The company has a MySQL database that runs on an Amazon EC2 instance in a private subnet with scheduled backup. The DR design needs to include multiple AWS Regions. Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?



24. A company has a Java application that uses Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) to parse messages. The company wants to implement a solution to give the application the ability to parse messages. Which solution will meet these requirements with the FEWEST changes to the code?



25. A company wants to restrict access to the content of one of its main web applications and to protect the content by using authorization techniques available on AWS. The solution needs to integrate with the main web application and serve web content globally. The solution must also scale as the company's user base grows while providing the lowest login latency possible. Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively?



26. A company has an aging network-attached storage (NAS) array in its data center. The NAS array presents SMB shares and NFS shares to client workstations. The company does not want to purchase a new NAS array. The company also does not want to incur the cost of renewing the NAS array’s support contract. Some of the data is accessed frequently, but much of the data is inactive. A solutions architect needs to implement a solution that migrates the data to Amazon S3, uses S3 Lifecycle policies, and maintains the same look and feel for the client workstations. The solutions architect has identified AWS Storage Gateway as part of the solution. Which type of storage gateway should the solutions architect provision to meet these requirements?





27. A company has an application that is running on Amazon EC2 instances. A solutions architect has standardized the company on a particular instance family and various instance sizes based on the current needs of the company. The company needs to be able to change the instance family and sizes in the next 12 months based on application popularity and usage. Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively?




28. A company collects data from a large number of participants who use wearable devices. The company stores the data in an Amazon DynamoDB table and uses applications to analyze the data. The data workload is constant and predictable. The company wants to stay at or below its forecasted budget for DynamoDB. Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively?




29. A company stores confidential data in an Amazon Aurora PostgreSQL database in the Region. The database is encrypted with an AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) customer managed key. The company was recently acquired and must securely share a backup of the database with the acquiring company’s AWS account. What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements?



30. A company uses a Amazon RDS for Microsoft SQL Server Single-AZ DB instance in the Region to store customer transactions. The company needs high availability and automatic recovery for the DB instance.

