31. An education company waftion. The application will give users the ability to enter text or provide a picture of a question. The application will respond with a written answer and an explanation of the written answer.



32. In which stage of the generative AI model lifecycle are tests performed to examine the model's accuracy?



33. Which statement correctly describes embeddings in generative AI?



34. A company wants to add generative AI functionality to its application by integrating a large language model (LLM). The responses from the LLM must be as deterministic and as stable as possible. Which solution meets these requirements?



35. A company needs to select a generative AI model to build an application. The application must provide responses to users in real time. Which model characteristic should the company consider to meet these requirements?



36. Which term refers to the instructions given to foundation models (FMs) so that the FMs provide a more accurate response to a question?



37. A retail company wants to build an ML model to recommend products to customers. The company wants to build the model based on responsible practices. Which practice should the company apply when collecting data to decrease model bias?



38. A company is developing an ML model to predict customer churn. Which evaluation metric will assess the model's performance on a binary classification task such as predicting churn?



39. An AI practitioner is evaluating the performance of an Amazon SageMaker model. The AI practitioner must choose a performance metric. The metric must show the ratio of the number of correctly classified items to the total number of correctly and incorrectly classified items. Which metric meets these requirements?



40. An ecommerce company receives multiple gigabytes of customer data daily. The company uses the data to train an ML model to forecast future product demand. The company needs a solution to perform inferences once each day. Which inference type meets these requirements?



41. A company has developed a generative AI model for customer segmentation. The model has been deployed in the company's production environment for a long time. The company recently noticed some inconsistency in the model's responses. The company wants to evaluate model bias and drift. Which AWS service or feature meets these requirements?



42. A company has signed up for Amazon Bedrock access to build applications. The company wants to restrict employee access to specific models available on Amazon Bedrock. Which solution meets these requirements?



43. Which ML technique uses training data that is labeled with the correct output values?



44. Which large language model (LLM) parameter controls the number of possible next words or tokens considered at each step of the text generation process?



45. A company is making a chatbot. The chatbot uses Amazon Lex and Amazon OpenSearch Service. The chatbot uses the company's private data to answer questions. The company needs to convert the data into a vector representation before storing the data in a database. Which type of foundation model (FM) meets these requirements?