46. A company wants to use a large language model (LLM) to generate product descriptions. The company wants to give the model example descriptions that follow a format. Which prompt engineering technique will generate descriptions that match the format?



47. A bank is fine-tuning a large language model (LLM) on Amazon Bedrock to assist customers with questions about their loans. The bank wants to ensure that the model does not reveal any private customer data. Which solution meets these requirements?



48. A grocery store wants to create a chatbot to help customers find products in the store. The chatbot must check the inventory in real time and provide the product location in the store. Which prompt engineering technique should the store use to build the chatbot?



49. A company uses a third-party model on Amazon Bedrock to analyze confidential documents. The company is concerned about data privacy. Which statement describes how Amazon Bedrock protects data privacy?



50. An animation company wants to provide subtitles for its content. Which AWS service meets this requirement?



51. An ecommerce company wants to group customers based on their purchase history and preferences to personalize the user experience of the company's application. Which ML technique should the company use?



52. A company wants to control employee access to publicly available foundation models (FMs). Which solution meets these requirements?



53. A company has set up a translation tool to help its customer service team handle issues from customers around the world. The company wants to evaluate the performance of the translation tool. The company sets up a parallel data process that compares the responses from the tool to responses from actual humans. Both sets of responses are generated on the same set of documents. Which strategy should the company use to evaluate the translation tool?



54. An AI practitioner wants to generate more diverse and more creative outputs from a large language model (LLM). How should the AI practitioner adjust the inference parameter?



55. A company has developed custom computer vision models. The company needs a user-friendly interface for data labeling to minimize model mistakes on new real-world data. Which AWS service, feature, or tool meets these requirements?



56. A company is integrating AI into its employee recruitment and hiring solution. The company wants to mitigate bias risks and ensure responsible AI practices while prioritizing equitable hiring decisions. Which core dimensions of responsible AI should the company consider? (Choose two.)



57. A financial company has deployed an ML model to predict customer churn. The model has been running in production for 1 week. The company wants to evaluate how accurately the model predicts churn compared to actual customer behavior. Which metric meets these requirements?



58. A company has a generative AI application that uses a pre-trained foundation model (FM) on Amazon Bedrock. The company wants the FM to include more context by using company information. Which solution meets these requirements MOST cost-effectively?



59. A food service company wants to collect a dataset to predict customer food preferences. The company wants to ensure that the food preferences of all demographics are included in the data. Which dataset characteristic does this scenario present?



60. A company wants to create a chatbot that answers questions about human resources policies. The company is using a large language model (LLM) and has a large digital documentation base. Which technique should the company use to optimize the generated responses?