1. A company wants to develop an AI assistant for employees to query internal data. Which AWS service will meet this requirement?



2. A company wants to build and deploy ML models on AWS without writing any code. Which AWS service or feature meets these requirements?



3. What is the primary advantage of using Amazon Aurora with pgvector for AI applications?



4. Which features make Amazon Kendra most valuable for enterprise search applications? 



5. Which parameters are commonly used for controlling the output diversity in generative AI models? 



6. A company wants to identify harmful language in the comments section of social media posts by using an ML model. The company will not use labeled data to train the model. Which strategy should the company use to identify harmful language?



7. A media company wants to analyze viewer behavior and demographics to recommend personalized content. The company wants to deploy a customized ML model in its production environment. The company also wants to observe if the model quality drifts over time. Which AWS service or feature meets these requirements?



8. A company is deploying AI/ML models by using AWS services. The company wants to offer transparency into the models’ decision-making processes and provide explanations for the model outputs. Which AWS service or feature meets these requirements?




9. A manufacturing company wants to create product descriptions in multiple languages. Which AWS service will automate this task?



10. Which AWS feature records details about ML instance data for governance and reporting?



11. A financial company is using ML to help with some of the company’s tasks. Which option is a use of generative AI models?



12. A medical company wants to develop an AI application that can access structured patient records, extract relevant information, and generate concise summaries. Which solution will meet these requirements?




13. Which option describes embeddings in the context of AI?



14. A company is building an AI application to summarize books of varying lengths. During testing, the application fails to summarize some books. Why does the application fail to summarize some books?



15. An airline company wants to build a conversational AI assistant to answer customer questions about flight schedules, booking, and payments. The company wants to use large language models (LLMs) and a knowledge base to create a text-based chatbot interface. Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST development effort?