61. An education company is building a chatbot whose target audience is teenagers. The company is training a custom large language model (LLM). The company wants the chatbot to speak in the target audience's language style by using creative spelling and shortened words. Which metric will assess the LLM's performance?



62. A customer service team is developing an application to analyze customer feedback and automatically classify the feedback into different categories. The categories include product quality, customer service, and delivery experience. Which AI concept does this scenario present?



63. A financial services company must ensure that its generative AI-powered chatbot provides factual responses for regulatory compliance. Which solution prevents the underlying foundation model (FM) from hallucinating?



64. A company has created multiple ML models. The company needs a solution for storing, managing, and versioning the models. Which AWS service or feature meets these requirements?



65. An AI practitioner is building an ML model. The AI practitioner wants to provide model transparency and explainability to stakeholders. Which solution will meet these requirements?



66. A company is developing an ML application. The application must automatically group similar customers and products based on their characteristics. Which ML strategy should the company use to meet these requirements?



67. A news agency publishes articles in English. The agency wants to make articles available in other languages. Which solution meets these requirements?



68. A bank is building a chatbot to answer customer questions about opening a bank account. The chatbot will use public bank documents to generate responses. The company will use Amazon Bedrock and prompt engineering to improve the chatbot’s responses. Which prompt engineering technique meets these requirements?



69. A company wants to fine-tune an ML model that is hosted on Amazon Bedrock. The company wants to use its own sensitive data that is stored in private databases in a VPC. The data needs to stay within the company’s private network. Which solution will meet these requirements?



70. A documentary filmmaker wants to reach more viewers. The filmmaker wants to automatically add subtitles and voice-overs in multiple languages to their films. Which combination of steps will meet these requirements? 



71. A company wants to create a chatbot to answer employee questions about company policies. Company policies are updated frequently. The chatbot must reflect the changes in near real time. The company wants to choose a large language model (LLM). Which solution meets these requirements?



72. A company is using supervised learning to train an AI model on a small labeled dataset that is specific to a target task. Which step of the foundation model (FM) lifecycle does this describe?



73. A company is introducing a new feature for its application. The feature will refine the style of output messages. The company will fine-tune a large language model (LLM) on Amazon Bedrock to implement the feature. Which type of data does the company need to meet these requirements?



74. A healthcare company is building an AI solution to predict patient readmission within 30 days of patient discharge. The company has trained a model on historical patient data including medical history, demographics, and treatment specifications, to provide readmission predictions in real time. Which task describes AI model inference in this scenario?



75. A financial company wants to build workflows for human review of ML predictions. The company wants to define confidence thresholds for its use case and adjust the thresholds over time. Which AWS service meets these requirements?