56. A financial company is developing a generative AI application for loan approval decisions. The company needs the application output to be responsible and fair. Which solution meets these requirements?



57. An AI practitioner who has minimal ML knowledge wants to predict employee attrition without writing code. Which Amazon SageMaker feature meets this requirement?



58. A company is using AI to improve its services. The company needs to ensure that the AI system is fair and explainable. The company wants to require training for members of the AI system development team. Which training will meet these requirements?



59. A company has an ML model. The company wants to know how the model makes predictions. Which term refers to understanding model predictions?



60. A company wants to identify groups for its customers based on the customers’ demographics and buying patterns. Which algorithm should the company use to meet this requirement?



61. A company is using an Amazon Nova Canvas model to generate images. The model generates images successfully. The company needs to prevent the model from including specific items in the generated images. Which solution will meet this requirement?



62. A company wants to label training datasets by using human feedback to fine-tune a foundation model (FM). The company does not want to develop labeling applications or manage a labeling workforce. Which AWS service or feature meets these requirements?



63. An online media streaming company wants to give its customers the ability to perform natural languagebased image search and filtering. The company needs a vector database that can help with similarity searches and nearest neighbor queries. Which AWS service meets these requirements?



64.A company is building a generative AI tool. The company will use internal documents to customize a foundation model (FM). Which approach will meet this requirement?



65.A company is monitoring a predictive model by using Amazon SageMaker Model Monitor. The company notices data drift beyond a defined threshold. The company wants to mitigate a potentially adverse impact on the predictive model. Which solution will meet these requirements?



66. A financial company uses a generative AI model to assign credit limits to new customers. The company wants to make the decision-making process of the model more transparent to its customers. Which solution meets these requirements?



67. A company deployed a model to production. After 4 months, the model inference quality degraded. The company wants to receive a notification if the model inference quality degrades. The company also wants to ensure that the problem does not happen again. Which solution will meet these requirements?



68. Which option is an example of unsupervised learning?



69. A company is evaluating several large language models (LLMs) for a text summarization task. The company needs to select a metric to evaluate the quality of the summaries that the LLMs generate. Which metric will meet this requirement?



70. A research group wants to test different generative AI models to create research papers. The research group has defined a prompt and needs a method to assess the models’ output. The research group wants to use a team of scientists to perform the output assessments. Which solution will meet these requirements?
