1. A developer at Tailspin Toys needs clarification. Contoso Ltd. wants to run code in response to incoming orders without managing servers. Which AZURE compute option should they choose?


2. A security engineer at a hospital needs help. For deep application performance insights such as request rates and response times, you should use:


3. A company wants to allow external partner organizations to access certain applications. Which capability should they use?


4. The finance department at Litware needs help. You need to collect metrics, logs, and telemetry from applications and resources in AZURE. Which tool should you use?


5. A developer at Tailspin Toys needs help. AZURE Arc is primarily used to:


6. A startup founder needs help. Why should you apply tags to your AZURE resources?


7. A security engineer at a hospital needs help. Which directory service provides managed domain services (such as domain join, group policy, LDAP) without deploying domain controllers?


8. A security engineer at a hospital needs help. What is AZURE Advisor designed to do?


9. An organization needs to deploy a custom application without worrying about managing servers or middleware. Which cloud model is most appropriate?


10. A developer at Tailspin Toys needs help. To enforce that all resources in a subscription must have a specific tag, you should use:


11. A developer at Tailspin Toys needs help. Which AZURE concept groups resources together for unified management and life‑cycle control?


12. A developer at Tailspin Toys needs clarification. Your team wants to run event‑driven code without managing any servers and only pay when code runs. Which option is best?


13. An enterprise architect at a global organization needs help. You need to synchronize on‑premises files with AZURE Files for distributed access. Which tool should you use?


14. A security engineer at a hospital needs help. Which term describes the ability of cloud services to maintain operation despite failures and automatically recover?


15. The IT team at Fabrikam needs help. What is the primary purpose of an AZURE region pair?
