
1. You have an Azure environment. You need to create a new Azure virtual machine from a tablet that runs the Android operating system. What are possible solution?


2. Which service provides network traffic filtering across multiple Azure subscriptions and virtual networks?


3. A new policy has been implemented in your organization that limits access to resource group and resource scopes in a detailed, granular way. Various groups and users will be provided access. What would you choose to use if you want to implement the new policy?



4. Cost per subscriber for a cloud service provider reduces with the increase in number of subscribers. It is a public cloud service. Can you identify what this would be called?



5. You plan to provision Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS) resources in Azure. Which resource is an example of IaaS?



6. To which cloud models can you deploy physical servers?



7. You have 50 virtual machines hosted on-premises and 50 virtual machines hosted in Azure. The on-premises virtual machines and the Azure virtual machines connect to each other. Which type of cloud model is this?



8. Which Azure service provides a set of version control tools to manage code?



9. You have an Azure web app. You need to manage the settings of the web app from an iPhone. What are two Azure management tools that you can use? 



10. What can you use to automatically send an alert if an administrator stops an Azure virtual machine?


11. Which Azure service can you use as a security information and event management (SIEM) solution?


12. Your company plans 10 migrate all its data and resources to Azure. The company’s migration plan states that only Platform as a Service (PaaS) solutions must be used in Azure. You need to deploy an Azure environment that meets the company’s migration plan. What should you create?


13. Who can use the Azure Total Cost of Ownership (TCO) calculator?


14. You have an accounting application named App1 that uses a legacy database. You plan to move App1 to the cloud. Which service model should you use?


15. What is the longest term you can purchase tor Azure Reserved VM Instances?
