1. Which of the following is correct regarding the Amazon Relational Database Service (Amazon RDS) service?



2. Which of the following is the MOST cost-effective Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) instance purchasing option for short-term, spiky and critical workloads on AWS Cloud?



3. Which AWS service can be used to set up billing alarms to monitor estimated charges on your AWS account?



4. The QA team at a company wants a tool/service that can provide access to different mobile devices with variations in firmware and Operating System versions. Which AWS service can address this use case?



5. Which AWS service would you choose for a data processing project that needs a schemaless database?



6. Which of the following are benefits of the AWS Web Application Firewall (AWS WAF)? 



7. Reserved Instance (RI) pricing is available for which of the following AWS services?



8. Which of the following Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3) storage classes do not charge any data retrieval fee? 



9. Which of the following statements are CORRECT regarding AWS Global Accelerator? 



10. An e-commerce company wants to review the Payment Card Industry (PCI) reports on AWS Cloud. Which AWS resource can be used to address this use-case?



11. Which of the following AWS Support plans provide programmatic access to AWS Support Center features to create, manage and close your support cases? 



12. Which AWS service will help you deploy application code automatically to an Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) instance?



13. Which of the following entities are part of an Amazon Virtual Private Cloud (Amazon VPC) in the AWS Cloud? 



14. A media company uploads its media (audio and video) files to a centralized Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3) bucket from geographically dispersed locations. Which of the following solutions can the company use to optimize transfer speeds?



15. Which AWS service will you use to provision the same AWS infrastructure across multiple AWS accounts and regions?