46. Which of the following are the advantages of cloud computing?



47. A startup wants to migrate its data and applications from the on-premises data center to AWS Cloud. Which of the following options can be used by the startup to help with this migration? 



48. A financial services company wants to ensure that its AWS account activity meets the governance, compliance and auditing norms. As a Cloud Practitioner, which AWS service would you recommend for this use-case?



49. Which AWS service will help you receive alerts when the reservation utilization falls below the defined threshold?



50. An IT company is planning to migrate from an on-premises environment to AWS Cloud. Which of the following expense areas would result in cost savings when the company moves to AWS Cloud? 



51. A company wants to have control over creating and using its own keys for encryption on AWS services. Which of the following can be used for this use-case?




52. A web application stores all of its data on Amazon S3 buckets. A client has mandated that data be encrypted before sending it to Amazon S3. Which of the following is the right technique for encrypting data as needed by the customer?



53. Which option is a common stakeholder role for the AWS Cloud Adoption Framework (AWS CAF) platform perspective?



54. A company wants to move to AWS cloud and release new features with quick iterations by utilizing relevant AWS services whenever required. Which of the following characteristics of AWS Cloud does it want to leverage?




55. A Project Manager, working on AWS for the first time, is confused about how credits are used in AWS. There are two credits available in the manager's account. Credit one is for $100, expires July 2022, and can be used for either Amazon S3 or Amazon EC2. Credit two is for $50, expires December 2022, and can be used only for Amazon EC2. The manager's AWS account has incurred two charges: $1000 for Amazon EC2 and $500 for Amazon S3. What will be the outcome on the overall bill once the credits are used? 



56. According to the AWS Cloud Adoption Framework (AWS CAF), what are two tasks that a company should perform when planning to migrate to the AWS Cloud and aiming to become more responsive to customer inquiries and feedback as part of their organizational transformation?



57. A company runs an application on a fleet of EC2 instances. The company wants to automate the traditional maintenance job of running timely assessments and checking for OS vulnerabilities. As a Cloud Practitioner, which service will you suggest for this use case?



58. Which of the following are correct statements regarding the AWS Global Infrastructure? 



59. A company wants to identify the optimal AWS resource configuration for its workloads so that the company can reduce costs and increase workload performance. Which of the following services can be used to meet this requirement?



60. A data analytics company is running a proprietary batch analytics application on AWS and wants to use a storage service which would be accessed by hundreds of EC2 instances simultaneously to append data to existing files. As a Cloud Practitioner, which AWS service would you suggest for this use-case?
