16. Which of the following is available across all AWS Support plans?



17. Which of the following entities should be used for an Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) Instance to access a DynamoDB table?



18. As per the AWS Shared Responsibility Model, Security and Compliance is a shared responsibility between AWS and the customer. Which of the following security services/utilities falls under the purview of AWS under the AWS Shared Responsibility Model?



19. Which of the following statements are true regarding Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3)



20. Which of the following are the serverless computing services offered by AWS ? 



21. Which of the following entities can be used to connect to an Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) server from a Mac OS, Windows or Linux based computer via a browser-based client?



22. Which of the following Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3) storage classes has NO constraint of a minimum storage duration charge for objects?



23. Which of the following is a container service of AWS?



24. Which benefit of Cloud Computing allows AWS to offer lower pay-as-you-go prices as usage from hundreds of thousands of customers is aggregated in the cloud?



25. The DevOps team at an IT company wants to centrally manage its servers on AWS Cloud as well as on-premise data center so that it can collect software inventory, run commands, configure and patch servers at scale. As a Cloud Practitioner, which AWS service would you recommend for this use-case?



26. Which AWS service can be used to host a static website with the LEAST effort?



27. Which of the following AWS storage services can be directly used with on-premises systems?



28. According to the AWS Shared Responsibility Model, which of the following are responsibilities of the customer for AWS Identity and Access Management (AWS IAM)?



29. A multi-national organization has a separate virtual private cloud (VPC) for each of its business units on the AWS Cloud. The organization also wants to connect its on-premises data center with the different virtual private clouds (VPC) for better organization-wide collaboration. Which AWS services can be combined to build the MOST efficient solution for this use-case?



30. Which of the following can you use to run a bootstrap script while launching an Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) instance?