16. Which of the following services are provided by Amazon Route 53?



17. A company would like to audit requests made to an Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3) bucket. As a Cloud Practitioner, which Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3) feature would you recommend addressing this use-case?



18. Which of the following statements is an AWS best practice when architecting for the Cloud?



19. A corporation would like to simplify access management to multiple AWS accounts as well as facilitate AWS Single Sign-On (AWS SSO) access to its AWS accounts. As a Cloud Practitioner, which AWS service would you use for this task?



20. Which of the following criteria are used to calculate the charge for Amazon EBS Volumes?



21. Which AWS service can be used to view the most comprehensive billing details for the past month?




22. Which of the following billing timeframes is applied when running a Windows EC2 on-demand instance?



23. Which of the following options is NOT a feature of Amazon Inspector?



24. An engineering team would like to cost-effectively run hundreds of thousands of batch computing workloads on AWS. As a Cloud Practitioner, which AWS service would you use for this task?



25. A start-up would like to monitor its cost on the AWS Cloud and would like to choose an optimal Savings Plan. As a Cloud Practitioner, which AWS service would you use?



26. A multinational company has just moved its infrastructure to AWS Cloud and has employees traveling to different offices around the world. How should the company set the AWS accounts?



27. A company would like to define a set of rules to manage objects cost-effectively between Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3) storage classes. As a Cloud Practitioner, which Amazon S3 feature would you use?



28. Which AWS tool/service will help you define your cloud infrastructure using popular programming languages such as Python and JavaScript?



29. A company would like to create a private, high bandwidth network connection between its on-premises data centers and AWS Cloud. As a Cloud Practitioner, which of the following options would you recommend?



30. A company needs to keep sensitive data in its own data center due to compliance but would still like to deploy resources using AWS. Which Cloud deployment model does this refer to?