16. Amazon CloudWatch billing metric data is stored in which AWS Region?



17. An IT company has deployed a static website on Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3), but the website is still inaccessible. As a Cloud Practioner, which of the following solutions would you suggest to address this issue?



18. A customer is running a comparative study of pricing models of Amazon EFS and Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) that are used with the Amazon EC2 instances that host the application. Which of the following statements are correct regarding this use-case?



19. Which of the following capabilities does Amazon Rekognition provide as a ready-to-use feature?



20. Which of the following are recommended best practices for AWS Identity and Access Management (AWS IAM) service?



21. A financial services company must meet compliance requirements that mandate storing multiple copies of data in geographically distant locations. As the company uses Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3) as its main storage service, which of the following represents the MOST resource-efficient solution for this use-case?



22. Which of the following is correct regarding the AWS Shield Advanced pricing?



23. Which of the following use cases is best suited for Amazon EFS Standard-Infrequent Access (EFS Standard-IA) storage class?



24. A leading research firm needs to access information available in old patents and documents (such as PDFs, Text Files, Word documents, etc) present in its huge knowledge base. The firm is looking for a powerful search tool that can dig into these knowledge resources and return the most relevant files/documents. Which of the following is the correct service to address this requirement?



25. According to the AWS Shared Responsibility Model, which of the following are the responsibilities of the customer?



26. AWS Lambda pricing is based on which of the following criteria?



27. Which of the following statements are true about Cost Allocation Tags in AWS Billing? 



28. Which of the following AWS services specialize in data migration from on-premises to AWS Cloud?



29. A research lab wants to optimize the caching capabilities for its scientific computations application running on Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) instances. Which Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) storage option is best suited for this use-case?



30. Which Amazon Route 53 routing policy would you use when you want to route your traffic in an active-passive configuration?