45. An organization needs to centrally manage access permissions for AWS resources. Which AWS service should they use?



46. A company wants to connect its on-premises network to AWS using a dedicated private connection. Which AWS service should they use?



47. A developer wants to deploy an application globally across multiple Regions for high availability. Which AWS design principle should they follow?



48. A company needs a service to migrate databases to AWS with minimal downtime. Which AWS service should they use?



49. An organization wants to collect and analyze IoT device data in real time. Which AWS service should they use?



50. A company needs to control inbound and outbound traffic to EC2 instances at the instance level. Which AWS feature should they configure?



51. A business wants to track AWS resource changes for governance and compliance. Which AWS service should they use?



52. A developer needs to deploy a fully managed Kubernetes cluster. Which AWS service should they use?



53. A company wants to automatically archive data that has not been accessed for several months. Which AWS feature should they use?



54. An organization wants to ensure that its infrastructure follows best practices for security and reliability. Which AWS service provides these recommendations?



55. A company needs to manage application configuration settings centrally. Which AWS service should they use?



56. A developer wants to process large volumes of streaming video data. Which AWS service should they use?



57. A company wants to detect and respond to security threats in its AWS environment. Which AWS service should they use?



58. An organization wants to run SQL queries directly on data stored in Amazon S3. Which AWS service should they use?



59. A developer wants to store structured application data with automatic scaling. Which AWS service should they use?



60. A company needs to deploy infrastructure across multiple AWS Regions quickly. Which AWS tool should they use?