56. A research group wants to provision an Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) instance for a flexible application that can be interrupted. As a Cloud Practitioner, which of the following would you recommend as the MOST cost-optimal option?



57. Which of the following statements are CORRECT about the AWS Auto Scaling group?



58. Which pillar of the AWS Well-Architected Framework recommends maintaining infrastructure as code (IaC)?



59. A cyber-security agency uses AWS Cloud and wants to carry out security assessments on its own AWS infrastructure without any prior approval from AWS. Which of the following describes/facilitates this practice?



60. Which budget types can be created under AWS Budgets?



61. A startup has just moved its IT infrastructure to AWS Cloud. The CTO would like to receive detailed reports that break down the startup's AWS costs by the hour in an Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3) bucket. As a Cloud Practitioner, which AWS service would you recommend for this use-case?



62. As a Cloud Practitioner, which Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3) storage class would you recommend for data archival?



63. A medical device company is looking for a durable and cost-effective way of storing their historic data. Due to compliance requirements, the data must be stored for 10 years. Which AWS Storage solution will you suggest?



64. Under the AWS Shared Responsibility Model, which of the following is the responsibility of a customer regarding AWS Lambda?



65. An AWS user is trying to launch an Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) instance in a given region. What is the region-specific constraint that the Amazon Machine Image (AMI) must meet so that it can be used for this Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) instance?



66. A unicorn startup is building an analytics application with support for a speech-based interface. The application will accept speech-based input from users and then convey results via speech. As a Cloud Practitioner, which solution would you recommend for the given use-case?



67. Which of the following AWS services support VPC Endpoint Gateway for a private connection from a VPC?



68. Which of the following is CORRECT regarding removing an AWS account from AWS Organizations?



69. Which of the following are the storage services offered by the AWS Cloud?



70. AWS Web Application Firewall (WAF) offers protection from common web exploits at which layer?