56. A social media analytics company wants to migrate to a serverless stack on AWS. Which of the following scenarios can be handled by AWS Lambda?



57. A financial services company wants to ensure that all customer data uploaded on its data lake on Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3) always stays private. Which of the following is the MOST efficient solution to address this compliance requirement?



58. Which of the following describes an Availability Zone (AZ) in the AWS Cloud?



59. A social media company wants to have the MOST cost-optimal strategy for deploying Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) instances. As a Cloud Practitioner, which of the following options would you recommend? 



60. Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) Spot instances are a best-fit for which of the following scenarios?



61. Which AWS entity enables you to privately connect your Amazon Virtual Private Cloud (Amazon VPC) to an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) queue?



62. An organization maintains a separate Virtual Private Cloud (VPC) for each of its business units. Two units need to privately share data. Which is the most optimal way of privately sharing data between the two VPCs?



63. A cargo shipping company runs its server fleet on Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) instances. Some of these instances host the CRM (Customer Relationship Management) applications that need to be accessible 24*7. These applications are not mission-critical. In case of a disaster, these applications can be managed on a lesser number of instances for some time. Which disaster recovery strategy is well-suited as well as cost-effective for this requirement?



64. Which of the following is best-suited for load-balancing HTTP and HTTPS traffic?



65. The DevOps team at a Big Data consultancy has set up Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) instances across two AWS Regions for its flagship application. Which of the following characterizes this application architecture?