31. Which of the following AWS Identity and Access Management (AWS IAM) Security Tools allows you to review permissions granted to an IAM user?



32. The development team at a company manages 300 microservices and it is now trying to automate the code reviews to improve the code quality. Which tool/service is the right fit for this requirement?



33. An engineering team is new to the AWS Cloud and it would like to launch a dev/test environment with low monthly pricing. Which AWS service can address this use case?



34. According to the AWS Shared Responsibility Model, which of the following are the responsibilities of AWS?



35. Which security control tool can be used to deny traffic from a specific IP address?



36. A company needs to use a secure online data transfer tool/service that can automate the ongoing transfers from on-premises systems into AWS while providing support for incremental data backups. Which AWS tool/service is an optimal fit for this requirement?



37. A company would like to reserve Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) compute capacity for three years to reduce costs. The company also plans to increase their workloads during this period. As a Cloud Practitioner, which Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) reserved instance (RI) type would you recommend?



38. A company would like to separate cost for AWS services by the department for cost allocation. Which of the following is the simplest way to achieve this task?



39. A company would like to move 50 petabytes (PBs) of data from its on-premises data centers to AWS in the MOST cost-effective way. As a Cloud Practitioner, which of the following solutions would you choose?



40. A company would like to move its infrastructure to AWS Cloud. Which of the following should be included in the Total Cost of Ownership (TCO) estimate?



41. Which of the following statements is CORRECT regarding the scope of an Amazon Virtual Private Cloud (VPC)?



42. Which Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) Auto Scaling feature can help with fault tolerance?



43. Which AWS service can be used to send, store, and receive messages between software components at any volume to decouple application tiers?



44. Which of the following are the best practices when using AWS Organizations?



45. A production company with predictable usage would like to reduce the cost of its Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) instances by using reserved instances (RI). Which of the following length terms are available for Amazon EC2 reserved instances (RI)? 