16. Your company has embraced cloud-native microservices architectures. New applications must be dockerized and stored in a registry service offered by AWS. The architecture should support dynamic port mapping and support multiple tasks from a single service on the same container instance. All services should run on the same EC2 instance. Which of the following options offers the best-fit solution for the given use-case?



17. The development team at a multi-national retail company wants to support trusted third-party authenticated users from the supplier organizations to create and update records in specific DynamoDB tables in the company's AWS account. As a Developer Associate, which of the following solutions would you suggest for the given use-case?



18. While defining a business workflow as state machine on AWS Step Functions, a developer has configured several states. Which of the following would you identify as the state that represents a single unit of work performed by a state machine?



19. A company runs its flagship application on a fleet of Amazon EC2 instances. After misplacing a couple of private keys from the SSH key pairs, they have decided to re-use their SSH key pairs for the different instances across AWS Regions. As a Developer Associate, which of the following would you recommend to address this use-case?



20. The technology team at an investment bank uses DynamoDB to facilitate high-frequency trading where multiple trades can try and update an item at the same time. Which of the following actions would make sure that only the last updated value of any item is used in the application?



21. Signing AWS API requests helps AWS identify an authentic user from a potential threat. As a developer associate, which of the following would you identify as the use-case where you need to sign the API requests?


22. A media publishing company is using Amazon EC2 instances for running their business-critical applications. Their IT team is looking at reserving capacity apart from savings plans for the critical instances. As a Developer Associate, which of the following reserved instance types you would select to provide capacity reservations?



23. A developer wants to package the code and dependencies for the application-specific Lambda functions as container images to be hosted on Amazon Elastic Container Registry (ECR). Which of the following options are correct for the given requirement? 



24. You have launched several AWS Lambda functions written in Java. A new requirement was given that over 1MB of data should be passed to the functions and should be encrypted and decrypted at runtime. Which of the following methods is suitable to address the given use-case?



25. A company needs a version control system for their fast development lifecycle with incremental changes, version control, and support to existing Git tools. Which AWS service will meet these requirements?



26. A social gaming application supports the transfer of gift vouchers between users. When a user hits a certain milestone on the leaderboard, they earn a gift voucher that can be redeemed or transferred to another user. The development team wants to ensure that this transfer is captured in the database such that the records for both users are either written successfully with the new gift vouchers or the status quo is maintained. Which of the following solutions represent the best-fit options to meet the requirements for the given use-case?



27. As a Developer, you are given a document written in YAML that represents the architecture of a serverless application. The first line of the document contains Transform. What does the Transform section in the document represent?



28. A company has created an Amazon S3 bucket that holds customer data. The team lead has just enabled access logging to this bucket. The bucket size has grown substantially after starting access logging. Since no new files have been added to the bucket, the perplexed team lead is looking for an answer. Which of the following reasons explains this behavior?



29. A company wants to automate its order fulfillment and inventory tracking workflow. Starting from order creation to updating inventory to shipment, the entire process has to be tracked, managed and updated automatically. Which of the following would you recommend as the most optimal solution for this requirement?



30. Other than the Resources section, which of the following sections in a Serverless Application Model (SAM) Template is mandatory?