46. Which of the following CLI options will allow you to retrieve a subset of the attributes coming from a DynamoDB scan?



47. Which environment variable can be used by AWS X-Ray SDK to ensure that the daemon is correctly discovered on ECS?



48. A developer has created a new Application Load Balancer but has not registered any targets with the target groups. Which of the following errors would be generated by the Load Balancer?



49. You are responsible for an application that runs on multiple Amazon EC2 instances. In front of the instances is an Internet-facing load balancer that takes requests from clients over the internet and distributes them to the EC2 instances. A health check is configured to ping the index.html page found in the root directory for the health status. When accessing the website via the internet visitors of the website receive timeout errors. What should be checked first to resolve the issue?



50. A media analytics company has built a streaming application on Lambda using Serverless Application Model (SAM). As a Developer Associate, which of the following would you identify as the correct order of execution to successfully deploy the application?



51. Your development team has created a popular mobile app written for Android. The team is looking for a technology that can send messages to mobile devices using a mobile app. Mobile app users will register and be given permissions to access AWS resources. Which technology would you recommend for subscribing users to messages?



52. You are a developer working on AWS Lambda functions that are triggered by Amazon API Gateway and would like to perform testing on a low volume of traffic for new API versions. Which of the following features will accomplish this task?



53. You would like to run the X-Ray daemon for your Docker containers deployed using AWS Fargate. What do you need to do to ensure the setup will work?



54. Your Lambda function processes files for your customers and as part of that process, it creates a lot of intermediary files it needs to store on its disk and then discard. What is the best way to store temporary files for your Lambda functions that will be discarded when the function stops running?



55. A security company is requiring all developers to perform server-side encryption with customer-provided encryption keys when performing operations in AWS S3. Developers should write software with C# using the AWS SDK and implement the requirement in the PUT, GET, Head, and Copy operations. Which of the following encryption methods meets this requirement?