46. A company uses AWS CodeDeploy to deploy applications from GitHub to EC2 instances running Amazon Linux. The deployment process uses a file called appspec.yml for specifying deployment hooks. A final lifecycle event should be specified to verify the deployment success. Which of the following hook events should be used to verify the success of the deployment?



47. A developer in your company was just promoted to Team Lead and will be in charge of code deployment on EC2 instances via AWS CodeCommit and AWS CodeDeploy. Per the new requirements, the deployment process should be able to change permissions for deployed files as well as verify the deployment success. Which of the following actions should the new Developer take?



48. As an AWS certified developer associate, you are working on an AWS CloudFormation template that will create resources for a company's cloud infrastructure. Your template is composed of three stacks which are Stack-A, Stack-B, and Stack-C. Stack-A will provision a VPC, a security group, and subnets for public web applications that will be referenced in Stack-B and Stack-C. After running the stacks you decide to delete them, in which order should you do it?




49. A startup has been experimenting with DynamoDB in its new test environment. The development team has discovered that some of the write operations have been overwriting existing items that have the specified primary key. This has messed up their data, leading to data discrepancies. Which DynamoDB write option should be selected to prevent this kind of overwriting?



50. As an AWS Certified Developer Associate, you have been hired to work with the development team at a company to create a REST API using the serverless architecture. Which of the following solutions will you choose to move the company to the serverless architecture paradigm?



51. A pharmaceutical company runs their database workloads on Provisioned IOPS SSD (io1) volumes. As a Developer Associate, which of the following options would you identify as an INVALID configuration for io1 EBS volume types?



52. An e-commerce company uses AWS CloudFormation to implement Infrastructure as Code for the entire organization. Maintaining resources as stacks with CloudFormation has greatly reduced the management effort needed to manage and maintain the resources. However, a few teams have been complaining of failing stack updates owing to out-of-band fixes running on the stack resources. Which of the following is the best solution that can help in keeping the CloudFormation stack and its resources in sync with each other?



53. Recently in your organization, the AWS X-Ray SDK was bundled into each Lambda function to record outgoing calls for tracing purposes. When your team leader goes to the X-Ray service in the AWS Management Console to get an overview of the information collected, they discover that no data is available. What is the most likely reason for this issue?



54. You are a developer handling a deployment service that automates application deployments to Amazon EC2 instances. Most of the deployments consist of code, but sometimes web and configuration files. One of your deployments failed and was rolled back by AWS CodeDeploy to the last known good application revision. During rollback which of the following instances did AWS CodeDeploy deploy first to?



55. The development team at a retail company is gearing up for the upcoming Thanksgiving sale and wants to make sure that the application's serverless backend running via Lambda functions does not hit latency bottlenecks as a result of the traffic spike. As a Developer Associate, which of the following solutions would you recommend to address this use-case?