31. Your team lead has finished creating a CodeBuild project in the management console and a build spec has been defined for the project. After the build is run, CodeBuild fails to pull a Docker image into the build environment. What is the most likely cause?



32. You have created a DynamoDB table to support your application and provisioned RCU and WCU to it so that your application has been running for over a year now without any throttling issues. Your application now requires a second type of query over your table and as such, you have decided to create an LSI and a GSI on a new table to support that use case. One month after having implemented such indexes, it seems your table is experiencing throttling. Upon looking at the table's metrics, it seems the RCU and WCU provisioned are still sufficient. What's happening?



33. A developer created an online shopping application that runs on EC2 instances behind load balancers. The same web application version is hosted on several EC2 instances and the instances run in an Auto Scaling group. The application uses STS to request credentials but after an hour your application stops working. What is the most likely cause of this issue?


34. You would like your Elastic Beanstalk environment to expose an HTTPS endpoint and an HTTP endpoint. The HTTPS endpoint should be used to get in-flight encryption between your clients and your web servers, while the HTTP endpoint should only be used to redirect traffic to HTTPS and support URLs. What must be done to configure this setup?



35. An IT company leverages CodePipeline to automate its release pipelines. The development team wants to write a Lambda function that will send notifications for state changes within the pipeline. As a Developer Associate, which steps would you suggest to associate the Lambda function with the event source?



36. You are using AWS SQS FIFO queues to get the ordering of messages. As a developer, which message parameter should you set the value to guarantee the ordering?



37. You would like to deploy a Lambda function globally so that requests are filtered at the AWS edge locations. Which Lambda deployment mode do you need?



38. A company has recently launched a new gaming application that the users are adopting rapidly. The company uses RDS MySQL as the database. The development team wants an urgent solution to this issue where the rapidly increasing workload might exceed the available database storage. As a developer associate, which of the following solutions would you recommend so that it requires minimum development effort to address this requirement?



39. The development team at an e-commerce company is preparing for the upcoming Thanksgiving sale. The product manager wants the development team to implement appropriate caching strategy on Amazon ElastiCache to withstand traffic spikes on the website during the sale. A key requirement is to facilitate consistent updates to the product prices and product description, so that the cache never goes out of sync with the backend. As a Developer Associate, which of the following solutions would you recommend for the given use-case?



40. An e-commerce company has multiple EC2 instances operating in a private subnet which is part of a custom VPC. These instances are running an image processing application that needs to access images stored on S3. Once each image is processed, the status of the corresponding record needs to be marked as completed in a DynamoDB table. How would you go about providing private access to these AWS resources which are not part of this custom VPC?



41. An IT company uses AWS CloudFormation templates to provision their AWS infrastructure for Amazon EC2, Amazon VPC, and Amazon S3 resources. Using cross-stack referencing, a developer creates a stack called NetworkStack which will export the subnetId that can be used when creating EC2 instances in another stack. To use the exported value in another stack, which of the following functions must be used?



42. You are running a video website and provide users with S3 pre-signed URLs allowing your users to securely upload their video content onto your buckets. The average file size uploaded to your buckets is 730MB and you would like your users to efficiently send the content. What would you recommend doing in the client SDK?



43. Your company wants to move away from manually managing Lambda in the AWS console and wants to upload and update them using AWS CloudFormation. How do you declare an AWS Lambda function in CloudFormation? 



44. Your company likes to operate multiple AWS accounts so that teams have their environments. Services deployed across these accounts interact with one another, and now there's a requirement to implement X-Ray traces across all your applications deployed on EC2 instances and AWS accounts. As such, you would like to have a unified account to view all the traces. What should you in your X-Ray daemon set up to make this work?



45. You have created a test environment in Elastic Beanstalk and as part of that environment, you have created an RDS database. How can you make sure the database can be explored after the environment is destroyed?