31. A company is using Amazon API Gateway for its REST APIs in an AWS account. A developer wants to allow only IAM users from another AWS account to access the APIs. Which combination of steps should the developer take to meet these requirements?



32. A financial services company wants to ensure that the customer data is always kept encrypted on Amazon S3 but wants a fully managed solution to create, rotate and remove the encryption keys. As a Developer Associate, which of the following would you recommend to address the given use-case?



33. Your web application architecture consists of multiple Amazon EC2 instances running behind an Elastic Load Balancer with an Auto Scaling group having the desired capacity of 5 EC2 instances. You would like to integrate AWS CodeDeploy for automating application deployment. The deployment should re-route traffic from your application's original environment to the new environment. Which of the following options will meet your deployment criteria?



34. A developer is configuring an Amazon API Gateway as a front door to expose backend business logic. To keep the solution cost-effective, the developer has opted for HTTP APIs. Which of the following services are not available as an HTTP API via Amazon API Gateway?



35. A development team has deployed a REST API in Amazon API Gateway to two different stages - a test stage and a prod stage. The test stage is used as a test build and the prod stage as a stable build. After the updates have passed the test, the team wishes to promote the test stage to the prod stage. Which of the following represents the optimal solution for this use-case?



36. You company runs business logic on smaller software components that perform various functions. Some functions process information in a few seconds while others seem to take a long time to complete. Your manager asked you to decouple components that take a long time to ensure software applications stay responsive under load. You decide to configure Amazon Simple Queue Service (SQS) to work with your Elastic Beanstalk configuration. Which of the following Elastic Beanstalk environment should you choose to meet this requirement?



37. To meet compliance guidelines, a company needs to ensure replication of any data stored in its S3 buckets. Which of the following characteristics are correct while configuring an S3 bucket for replication?



38. A new member of your team is working on creating Dead Letter Queue (DLQ) for AWS Lambda functions. As a Developer Associate, can you help him identify the use cases, wherein AWS Lambda will add a message into a DLQ after being processed?



39. As part of their on-boarding, the employees at an IT company need to upload their profile photos in a private S3 bucket. The company wants to build an in-house web application hosted on an EC2 instance that should display the profile photos in a secure way when the employees mark their attendance. As a Developer Associate, which of the following solutions would you suggest to address this use-case?


40. You have a workflow process that pulls code from AWS CodeCommit and deploys to EC2 instances associated with tag group ProdBuilders. You would like to configure the instances to archive no more than two application revisions to conserve disk space. Which of the following will allow you to implement this?



41. Your company has a three-year contract with a healthcare provider. The contract states that monthly database backups must be retained for the duration of the contract for compliance purposes. Currently, the limit on backup retention for automated backups, on Amazon Relational Database Service (RDS), does not meet your requirements. Which of the following solutions can help you meet your requirements?


42. Your application is deployed automatically using AWS Elastic Beanstalk. Your YAML configuration files are stored in the folder .ebextensions and new files are added or updated often. The DevOps team does not want to re-deploy the application every time there are configuration changes, instead, they would rather manage configuration externally, securely, and have it load dynamically into the application at runtime. What option allows you to do this?



43. Two policies are attached to an IAM user. The first policy states that the user has explicitly been denied all access to EC2 instances. The second policy states that the user has been allowed permission for EC2:Describe action. When the user tries to use 'Describe' action on an EC2 instance using the CLI, what will be the output?



44. As part of employee skills upgrade, the developers of your team have been delegated few responsibilities of DevOps engineers. Developers now have full control over modeling the entire software delivery process, from coding to deployment. As the team lead, you are now responsible for any manual approvals needed in the process. Which of the following approaches supports the given workflow?



45. A media company uses Amazon Simple Queue Service (SQS) queue to manage their transactions. With changing business needs, the payload size of the messages is increasing. The Team Lead of the project is worried about the 256 KB message size limit that SQS has. What can be done to make the queue accept messages of a larger size?
