16. An organization recently began using AWS CodeCommit for its source control service. A compliance security team visiting the organization was auditing the software development process and noticed developers making many git push commands within their development machines. The compliance team requires that encryption be used for this activity. How can the organization ensure source code is encrypted in transit and at rest?



17. Your development team uses the AWS SDK for Java on a web application that uploads files to several Amazon Simple Storage Service (S3) buckets using the SSE-KMS encryption mechanism. Developers are reporting that they are receiving permission errors when trying to push their objects over HTTP. Which of the following headers should they include in their request?



18. A firm uses AWS DynamoDB to store information about people’s favorite sports teams and allow the information to be searchable from their home page. There is a daily requirement that all 10 million records in the table should be deleted then re-loaded at 6:00 AM each morning. Which option is an efficient way to delete with minimal costs?



19. You have an Amazon Kinesis Data Stream with 10 shards, and from the metrics, you are well below the throughput utilization of 10 MB per second to send data. You send 3 MB per second of data and yet you are receiving ProvisionedThroughputExceededException errors frequently.
What is the likely cause of this?



20. Your company has been hired to build a resilient mobile voting app for an upcoming music award show that expects to have 1 to 15 million viewers. The mobile voting app will be marketed heavily months in advance so you are expected to handle millions of messages in the system. You are configuring Amazon Simple Queue Service (SQS) queues for your architecture that should receive messages around 300 KB in size Is it possible to send these messages to SQS?



21. DevOps engineers are developing an order processing system where notifications are sent to a department whenever an order is placed for a product. The system also pushes identical notifications of the new order to a processing module that would allow EC2 instances to handle the fulfillment of the order. In the case of processing errors, the messages should be allowed to be re-processed at a later stage and never lost. Which of the following solutions can be used to address this use-case?



22. An order management system uses a cron job to poll for any new orders. Every time a new order is created, the cron job sends this order data as a message to the message queues to facilitate downstream order processing in a reliable way. To reduce costs and improve performance, the company wants to move this functionality to AWS cloud. Which of the following is the most optimal solution to meet this requirement?




23. A company would like to migrate the existing application code from a GitHub repository to AWS CodeCommit. As an AWS Certified Developer Associate, which of the following would you recommend for migrating the cloned repository to CodeCommit over HTTPS?



24. You have uploaded a zip file to AWS Lambda that contains code files written in Node.Js. When your function is executed you receive the following output, 'Error: Memory Size: 10,240 MB Max Memory Used'. Which of the following explains the problem?



25. You have moved your on-premise infrastructure to AWS and are in the process of configuring an AWS Elastic Beanstalk deployment environment for production, development, and testing. You have configured your production environment to use a rolling deployment to prevent your application from becoming unavailable to users. For the development and testing environment, you would like to deploy quickly and are not concerned about downtime. Which of the following deployment policies meet your needs?



26. An Amazon Simple Queue Service (SQS) has to be configured between two AWS accounts for shared access to the queue. AWS account A has the SQS queue in its account and AWS account B has to be given access to this queue. Which of the following options need to be combined to allow this cross-account access?



27. A voting system hosted on-premise was recently migrated to AWS to lower cost, gain scalability, and to better serve thousands of concurrent users. When one of the AWS resource state changes, it generates an event and will need to trigger AWS Lambda. The AWS resource whose state changes and AWS Lambda does not have direct integration. Which of the following methods can be used to trigger AWS Lambda?



28. You are a system administrator whose company recently moved its production application to AWS and migrated data from MySQL to AWS DynamoDB. You are adding new tables to AWS DynamoDB and need to allow your application to query your data by the primary key and an alternate key. This option must be added when first creating tables otherwise changes cannot be made afterward. Which of the following actions should you take?




29. A company developed an app-based service for citizens to book transportation rides in the local community. The platform is running on AWS EC2 instances and uses Amazon Relational Database Service (RDS) for storing transportation data. A new feature has been requested where receipts would be emailed to customers with PDF attachments retrieved from Amazon Simple Storage Service (S3). Which of the following options will provide EC2 instances with the right permissions to upload files to Amazon S3 and generate S3 Signed URL?



30. A company has several Linux-based EC2 instances that generate various log files which need to be analyzed for security and compliance purposes. The company wants to use Kinesis Data Streams (KDS) to analyze this log data. Which of the following is the most optimal way of sending log data from the EC2 instances to KDS?