1. Your client has tasked you with finding a service that would enable you to get cross-account tracing and visualization. Which service do you recommend?



2. You need to load SSL certificates onto your Load Balancers and also have EC2 instances dynamically retrieve them when needed for service to service two-way TLS communication. What service should you use to centrally manage and automatically renew these SSL certificates?



3. Your AWS account is now growing to 200 users and you would like to provide each of these users a personal space in the S3 bucket, where they have read/write access. How can you do this efficiently?



4. You are running a web application where users can author blogs and share them with their followers. Most of the workflow is read based, but when a blog is updated, you would like to ensure that the latest data is served to the users (no stale data). The Developer has already suggested using ElastiCache to cope with the read load but has asked you to implement a caching strategy that complies with the requirements of the site. Which strategy would you recommend?



5. You've just deployed an AWS Lambda function. The lambda function will be invoked via the API Gateway. The API Gateway will need to control access to it. Which of the following mechanisms is not supported for API Gateway?



6. An EC2 instance has an IAM instance role attached to it, providing it read and write access to the S3 bucket 'my_bucket'. You have tested the IAM instance role and both reads and writes are working. You then remove the IAM role from the EC2 instance and test both read and write again. Writes stopped working but reads are still working. What is the likely cause of this behavior?




7. Your organization has set up a full CI/CD pipeline leveraging CodePipeline and the deployment is done on Elastic Beanstalk. This pipeline has worked for over a year now but you are approaching the limits of Elastic Beanstalk in terms of how many versions can be stored in the service. How can you remove older versions that are not used by Elastic Beanstalk so that new versions can be created for your applications?



8. Your organization has a single Amazon Simple Storage Service (S3) bucket that contains folders labeled with customer names. Several administrators have IAM access to the S3 bucket and versioning is enabled to easily recover from unintended user actions. Which of the following statements about versioning is NOT true based on this scenario?



9. Your client wants to deploy a service on EC2 instances, and as EC2 instances are added into an ASG, each EC2 instance should be running 3 different Docker Containers simultaneously. What Elastic Beanstalk platform should they choose?



10. A development team has a mix of applications hosted on-premises as well as on EC2 instances. The on-premises application controls all applications deployed on the EC2 instances. In case of any errors, the team wants to leverage Amazon CloudWatch to monitor and troubleshoot the on-premises application. As a Developer Associate, which of the following solutions would you suggest to address this use-case?



11. Your company is shifting towards Elastic Container Service (ECS) to deploy applications. The process should be automated using the AWS CLI to create a service where at least ten instances of a task definition are kept running under the default cluster. Which of the following commands should be executed?



12. A data analytics company ingests a large number of messages and stores them in an RDS database using Lambda. Because of the increased payload size, it is taking more than 30 minutes to process each message. As a Developer Associate, which of the following options would you recommend to process each message in the MOST scalable way?



13. One of your Kinesis Stream is experiencing increased traffic due to a sale day. Therefore your Kinesis Administrator has split shards and thus you went from having 4 shards to having 12 shards in your Kinesis Stream. Your consuming application is running a KCL-based application on EC2 instances. What is the maximum number of EC2 instances that can be deployed to process the shards?



14. A media company wants to migrate a video editing service to Amazon EC2 while following security best practices. The videos are sourced and read from a non-public S3 bucket. As a Developer Associate, which of the following solutions would you recommend for the given use-case?



15. You are creating a web application in which users can follow each other. Some users will be more popular than others and thus their data will be requested very often. Currently, the user data sits in RDS and it has been recommended by your Developer to use ElastiCache as a caching layer to improve the read performance. The whole dataset of users cannot sit in ElastiCache without incurring tremendous costs and therefore you would like to cache only the most often requested users profiles there. As your website is high traffic, it is accepted to have stale data for users for a while, as long as the stale data is less than a minute old. What caching strategy do you recommend implementing?

