1. As part of internal regulations, you must ensure that all communications to Amazon S3 are encrypted. For which of the following encryption mechanisms will a request get rejected if the connection is not using HTTPS?



2. A developer is migrating an on-premises application to AWS Cloud. The application currently processes user uploads and uploads them to a local directory on the server. All such file uploads must be saved and then made available to all instances in an Auto Scaling group. As a Developer Associate, which of the following options would you recommend for this use-case?



3. You work as a developer doing contract work for the government on AWS gov cloud. Your applications use Amazon Simple Queue Service (SQS) for its message queue service. Due to recent hacking attempts, security measures have become stricter and require you to store data in encrypted queues. Which of the following steps can you take to meet your requirements without making changes to the existing code?



4. A developer is creating access credentials for an Amazon EC2 instance that hosts the web application using AWS SDK for Java.If the default credentials provider chain is used on the instance, which parameter will be checked first for the required credentials?



5. A communication platform serves millions of customers and deploys features in a production environment on AWS via CodeDeploy. You are reviewing scripts for the deployment process located in the AppSec file. Which of the following options lists the correct order of lifecycle events?



6. A financial services company with over 10,000 employees has hired you as the new Senior Developer. Initially caching was enabled to reduce the number of calls made to all API endpoints and improve the latency of requests to the company’s API Gateway. For testing purposes, you would like to invalidate caching for the API clients to get the most recent responses. Which of the following should you do?



7. As a Full-stack Web Developer, you are involved with every aspect of a company’s platform from development with PHP and JavaScript to the configuration of NoSQL databases with Amazon DynamoDB. You are not concerned about your response receiving stale data from your database and need to perform 16 eventually consistent reads per second of 12 KB in size each. How many read capacity units (RCUs) do you need?



8. A development team is storing sensitive customer data in S3 that will require encryption at rest. The encryption keys must be rotated at least annually. What is the easiest way to implement a solution for this requirement?



9. Your company manages hundreds of EC2 instances running on Linux OS. The instances are configured in several Availability Zones in the eu-west-3 region. Your manager has requested to collect system memory metrics on all EC2 instances using a script. Which of the following solutions will help you collect this data?



10. A development team is considering Amazon ElastiCache for Redis as its in-memory caching solution for its relational database. Which of the following options are correct while configuring ElastiCache? 



11. An e-commerce company has implemented AWS CodeDeploy as part of its AWS cloud CI/CD strategy. The company has configured automatic rollbacks while deploying a new version of its flagship application to Amazon EC2. What occurs if the deployment of the new version fails?



12. You have been hired at a company that needs an experienced developer to help with a continuous integration/continuous delivery (CI/CD) workflow on AWS. You configure the company’s workflow to run an AWS CodePipeline pipeline whenever the application’s source code changes in a repository hosted in AWS Code Commit and compiles source code with AWS Code Build. You are configuring ProjectArtifacts in your build stage. Which of the following should you do?



13. A company wants to add geospatial capabilities to the cache layer, along with query capabilities and an ability to horizontally scale. The company uses Amazon RDS as the database tier. Which solution is optimal for this use-case?



14. You have a popular three-tier web application that is used by users throughout the globe receiving thousands of incoming requests daily. You have AWS Route 53 policies to automatically distribute weighted traffic to the API resources located at URL api.global.com. What is an alternative way of distributing traffic to a web application?



15. An organization uses Alexa as its intelligent assistant to improve productivity throughout the organization. A group of developers manages custom Alexa Skills written in Node.Js to control conference-room equipment settings and start meetings using voice activation. The manager has requested developers that all functions code should be monitored for error rates with the possibility of creating alarms on top of them. Which of the following options should be chosen? 

