266. A company has a popular gaming platform running on AWS. The application is sensitive to latency because latency can impact the user experience and introduce unfair advantages to some players. The application is deployed in every AWS Region. It runs on Amazon EC2 instances that are part of Auto Scaling groups configured behind Application Load Balancers (ALBs). A solutions architect needs to implement a mechanism to monitor the health of the application and redirect traffic to healthy endpoints.
Which solution meets these requirements?



267. A company has one million users that use its mobile app. The company must analyze the data usage in near-real time. The company also must encrypt the data in near-real time and must store the data in a centralized location in Apache Parquet format for further processing.
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?



268. A gaming company has a web application that displays scores. The application runs on Amazon EC2 instances behind an Application Load Balancer. The application stores data in an Amazon RDS for MySQL database. Users are starting to experience long delays and interruptions that are caused by database read performance. The company wants to improve the user experience while minimizing changes to the application’s architecture.
What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements?



269. An ecommerce company has noticed performance degradation of its Amazon RDS based web application. The performance degradation is attributed to an increase in the number of read-only SQL queries triggered by business analysts. A solutions architect needs to solve the problem with minimal changes to the existing web application.
What should the solutions architect recommend?



270. A company is using a centralized AWS account to store log data in various Amazon S3 buckets. A solutions architect needs to ensure that the data is encrypted at rest before the data is uploaded to the S3 buckets. The data also must be encrypted in transit.
Which solution meets these requirements?



271. A solutions architect observes that a nightly batch processing job is automatically scaled up for 1 hour before the desired Amazon EC2 capacity is reached. The peak capacity is the ‘same every night and the batch jobs always start at 6 AM. The solutions architect needs to find a cost-effective solution that will allow for the desired EC2 capacity to be reached quickly and allow the Auto Scaling group to scale down after the batch jobs are complete.
What should the solutions architect do to meet these requirements?




272. A company serves a dynamic website from a fleet of Amazon EC2 instances behind an Application Load Balancer (ALB). The website needs to support multiple languages to serve customers around the world. The website’s architecture is running in the us-west-1 Region and is exhibiting high request latency for users that are located in other parts of the world. The website needs to serve requests quickly and efficiently regardless of a user’s location. However, the company does not want to recreate the existing architecture across multiple Regions.
What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements?



273. A rapidly growing ecommerce company is running its workloads in a single AWS Region. A solutions architect must create a disaster recovery (DR) strategy that includes a different AWS Region. The company wants its database to be up to date in the DR Region with the least possible latency. The remaining infrastructure in the DR Region needs to run at reduced capacity and must be able to scale up if necessary.
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LOWEST recovery time objective (RTO)?




274. A company runs an application on Amazon EC2 instances. The company needs to implement a disaster recovery (DR) solution for the application. The DR solution needs to have a recovery time objective (RTO) of less than 4 hours. The DR solution also needs to use the fewest possible AWS resources during normal operations.
Which solution will meet these requirements in the MOST operationally efficient way?



275. A company runs an internal browser-based application. The application runs on Amazon EC2 instances behind an Application Load Balancer. The instances run in an Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling group across multiple Availability Zones. The Auto Scaling group scales up to 12 instances during work hours, but scales down to 2 instances overnight. Staff are complaining that the application is very slow when the day begins, although it runs well by mid-morning.
How should the scaling be changed to address the staff complaints and keep costs to a minimum?




276. A company has a multi-tier application deployed on several Amazon EC2 instances in an Auto Scaling group. An Amazon RDS for Oracle instance is the application’ s data layer that uses Oracle-specific PL/SQL functions. Traffic to the application has been steadily increasing. This is causing the EC2 instances to become overloaded and the RDS instance to run out of storage. The Auto Scaling group does not have any scaling metrics and defines the minimum healthy instance count only. The company predicts that traffic will continue to increase at a steady but unpredictable rate before leveling off.
What should a solutions architect do to ensure the system can automatically scale for the increased traffic?




277. A company provides an online service for posting video content and transcoding it for use by any mobile platform. The application architecture uses Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) Standard to collect and store the videos so that multiple Amazon EC2 Linux instances can access the video content for processing. As the popularity of the service has grown over time, the storage costs have become too expensive.
Which storage solution is MOST cost-effective?



278. A company wants to create an application to store employee data in a hierarchical structured relationship. The company needs a minimum-latency response to high-traffic queries for the employee data and must protect any sensitive data. The company also needs to receive monthly email messages if any financial information is present in the employee data.
Which combination of steps should a solutions architect take to meet these requirements? 




279. A company has an application that is backed by an Amazon DynamoDB table. The company’s compliance requirements specify that database backups must be taken every month, must be available for 6 months, and must be retained for 14 years.
Which solution will meet these requirements?




280. A company is using Amazon CloudFront with its website. The company has enabled logging on the CloudFront distribution, and logs are saved in one of the company’s Amazon S3 buckets. The company needs to perform advanced analyses on the logs and build visualizations.
What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements? 