

46. A company runs a web application that is backed by Amazon RDS. A new database administrator caused data loss by accidentally editing information in a database table. To help recover from this type of incident, the company wants the ability to restore the database to its state. Which feature should the solutions architect include in the design to meet this requirement?



47. A company is using Amazon Route 53 latency-based routing to route requests to its UDP-based application for users around the world. The application is hosted on redundant servers in the company's on-premises data centers in the United States, Asia, and Europe. The company’s compliance requirements state that the application must be hosted on premises. The company wants to improve the performance and availability of the application. What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements?



48. A solutions architect wants all new users to have specific complexity requirements and mandatory rotation periods for IAM user passwords. What should the solutions architect do to accomplish this?



49. A company has migrated an application to Amazon EC2 Linux instances. One of these EC2 instances runs several 1-hour tasks on a schedule. These tasks were written by different teams and have no common programming language. The company is concerned about performance and scalability while these tasks run on a single instance. A solutions architect needs to implement a solution to resolve these concerns. Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?




50. A company runs a public three-tier web application in a VPC. The application runs on Amazon EC2 instances across multiple Availability Zones. The EC2 instances that run in private subnets need to communicate with a license server over the internet. The company needs a managed solution that minimizes operational maintenance. Which solution meets these requirements?




51. A company needs to create an Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (Amazon EKS) cluster to host a digital media streaming application. The EKS cluster will use a managed node group that is backed by Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) volumes for storage. The company must encrypt all data at rest by using a customer managed key that is stored in AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS). Which combination of actions will meet this requirement with the LEAST operational overhead? 




52. A company wants to migrate an Oracle database to AWS. The database consists of a single table that contains millions of geographic information systems (GIS) images that are high resolution and are identified by a geographic code. When a natural disaster occurs, tens of thousands of images get updated every few minutes. Each geographic code has a single image or row that is associated with it. The company wants a solution that is highly available and scalable during such events. Which solution meets these requirements MOST cost-effectively?




53. A company has an application that collects data from IoT sensors on automobiles. The data is streamed and stored in Amazon S3 through Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose. The data produces millions of S3 objects each year. Each morning, the company uses the data to retrain a suite of machine learning (ML) models. Four times each year, the company uses the data from the previous 12 months to perform analysis and train other ML models. After 3 year, the data must be retained for archival purposes. Which storage solution meets these requirements MOST cost-effectively?



54. A company is running several business applications in three separate VPCs within the us-east-1 Region. The applications must be able to communicate between VPCs. The applications also must be able to consistently send hundreds of gigabytes of data each day to a latency-sensitive application that runs in a single on-premises data center. A solutions architect needs to design a network connectivity solution that maximizes cost-effectiveness. Which solution meets these requirements?



55. An ecommerce company is building a distributed application that involves several serverless functions and AWS services to complete order-processing tasks. These tasks require manual approvals as part of the workflow. A solutions architect needs to design an architecture for the order-processing application. The solution must be able to combine multiple AWS Lambda functions into responsive serverless applications. The solution also must orchestrate data and services that run on Amazon EC2 instances, containers, or on-premises servers. Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?




56. A company has launched an Amazon RDS for MySQL DB instance. Most of the connections to the database come from serverless applications. Application traffic to the database changes significantly at random intervals. At times of high demand, users report that their applications experience database connection rejection errors. Which solution will resolve this issue with the LEAST operational overhead?




57. A company recently deployed a new auditing system to centralize information about operating system versions, patching, and installed software for Amazon EC2 instances. A solutions architect must ensure all instances provisioned through EC2 Auto Scaling groups successfully send reports to the auditing system as soon as they are launched and terminated. Which solution achieves these goals MOST efficiently?




58. A company is developing a real-time multiplayer game that uses UDP for communications between the client and servers in an Auto Scaling group. Spikes in demand are anticipated during the day, so the game server platform must adapt accordingly. Developers want to store gamer scores and other non-relational data in a database solution that will scale without intervention. Which solution should a solutions architect recommend?



59. A company hosts a frontend application that uses an Amazon API Gateway API backend that is integrated with AWS Lambda. When the API receives requests, the Lambda function loads many libraries. Then the Lambda function connects to an Amazon RDS database, processes the data, and returns the data to the frontend application. The company wants to ensure that response latency is as low as possible for all its users with the fewest number of changes to the company's operations. Which solution will meet these requirements?



60. A company is migrating its on-premises workload to the AWS Cloud. The company already uses several Amazon EC2 instances and Amazon RDS DB instances. The company wants a solution that automatically starts and stops the EC2 instances and DB instances outside of business hours. The solution must minimize cost and infrastructure maintenance. Which solution will meet these requirements?

