181.A company has a legacy data processing application that runs on Amazon EC2 instances. Data is processed sequentially, but the order of results does not matter. The application uses a monolithic architecture. The only way that the company can scale the application to meet increased demand is to increase the size of the instances. The company’s developers have decided to rewrite the application to use a microservices architecture on Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS).
What should a solutions architect recommend for communication between the microservices?



182.A company wants to migrate its MySQL database from on premises to AWS. The company recently experienced a database outage that significantly impacted the business. To ensure this does not happen again, the company wants a reliable database solution on AWS that minimizes data loss and stores every transaction on at least two nodes.
Which solution meets these requirements? 




183.A company is building a new dynamic ordering website. The company wants to minimize server maintenance and patching. The website must be highly available and must scale read and write capacity as quickly as possible to meet changes in user demand.
Which solution will meet these requirements?




184.A company has an AWS account used for software engineering. The AWS account has access to the company’s on-premises data center through a pair of AWS Direct Connect connections. All non-VPC traffic routes to the virtual private gateway. A development team recently created an AWS Lambda function through the console. The development team needs to allow the function to access a database that runs in a private subnet in the company’s data center.
Which solution will meet these requirements?




185.A company runs an application using Amazon ECS. The application creates resized versions of an original image and then makes Amazon S3 API calls to store the resized images in Amazon S3.
How can a solutions architect ensure that the application has permission to access Amazon S3?




186. A company has a Windows-based application that must be migrated to AWS. The application requires the use of a shared Windows file system attached to multiple Amazon EC2 Windows instances that are deployed across multiple Availability Zone.
What should a solutions architect do to meet this requirement?



187. A company is developing an ecommerce application that will consist of a load-balanced front end, a container-based application, and a relational database. A solutions architect needs to create a highly available solution that operates with as little manual intervention as possible.
Which solutions meet these requirements?



188. A company uses Amazon S3 as its data lake. The company has a new partner that must use SFTP to upload data files. A solutions architect needs to implement a highly available SFTP solution that minimizes operational overhead.
Which solution will meet these requirements?



189. A company needs to store contract documents. A contract lasts for 20 years. During the 5year period, the company must ensure that the documents cannot be overwritten or deleted. The company needs to encrypt the documents at rest and rotate the encryption keys automatically every year.
Which combination of steps should a solutions architect take to meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?



190. A company has a web application that is based on Java and PHP. The company plans to move the application from on premises to AWS. The company needs the ability to test new site features frequently. The company also needs a highly available and managed solution that requires minimum operational overhead.
Which solution will meet these requirements?



191. A company runs a web application on Amazon EC2 instances in an Auto Scaling group. The application uses a database that runs on an Amazon RDS for PostgreSQL DB instance. The application performs slowly when tra c increases. The database experiences a heavy read load.
Which actions should a solutions architect take to resolve these performance issues?




192. A company uses Amazon EC2 instances and Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) volumes to run an application. The company creates one snapshot of each EBS volume every day to meet compliance requirements. The company wants to implement an architecture that prevents the accidental deletion of EBS volume snapshots. The solution must not change the administrative rights of the storage administrator user.
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST administrative effort?




193. A company's application uses Network Load Balancers, Auto Scaling groups, Amazon EC2 instances, and databases that are deployed in an Amazon VPC. The company wants to capture information about tra c to and from the network interfaces in near real time in its Amazon VPC. The company wants to send the information to Amazon OpenSearch Service for analysis.
Which solution will meet these requirements?




194. A company is developing an application that will run on a production Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (Amazon EKS) cluster. The EKS cluster has managed node groups that are provisioned with On-Demand Instances. The company needs a dedicated EKS cluster for development work. The company will use the development cluster infrequently to test the resiliency of the application. The EKS cluster must manage all the nodes.
Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively?




195. A company stores sensitive data in Amazon S3. A solutions architect needs to create an encryption solution. The company needs to fully control the ability of users to create, rotate, and disable encryption keys with minimal effort for any data that must be encrypted.
Which solution will meet these requirements?




