136.A company is migrating its on-premises PostgreSQL database to Amazon Aurora PostgreSQL. The on-premises database must remain online and accessible during the migration. The Aurora database must remain synchronized with the on-premises database.
Which combination of actions must a solutions architect take to meet these requirements? 



137.A company uses AWS Organizations to create dedicated AWS accounts for each business unit to manage each business unit's account independently upon request. The root email recipient missed a notification that was sent to the root user email address of one account. The company wants to ensure that all future notifications are not missed. Future notifications must be limited to account administrators.
Which solution will meet these requirements? 




138.A company runs its ecommerce application on AWS. Every new order is published as a massage in a RabbitMQ queue that runs on an Amazon EC2 instance in a single Availability Zone. These messages are processed by a different application that runs on a separate EC2 instance. This application stores the details in a PostgreSQL database on another EC2 instance. All the EC2 instances are in the same Availability Zone.
The company needs to redesign its architecture to provide the highest availability with the least operational overhead.
What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements? 




139.A reporting team receives files each day in an Amazon S3 bucket. The reporting team manually reviews and copies the files from this initial S3 bucket to an analysis S3 bucket each day at the same time to use with Amazon QuickSight. Additional teams are starting to send more files in larger sizes to the initial S3 bucket.
The reporting team wants to move the files automatically analysis S3 bucket as the files enter the initial S3 bucket. The reporting team also wants to use AWS Lambda functions to run pattern-matching code on the copied data. In addition, the reporting team wants to send the data files to a pipeline in Amazon SageMaker Pipelines.
What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?



140.A solutions architect needs to help a company optimize the cost of running an application on AWS. The application will use Amazon EC2 instances, AWS Fargate, and AWS Lambda for compute within the architecture.
The EC2 instances will run the data ingestion layer of the application. EC2 usage will be sporadic and unpredictable. Workloads that run on EC2 instances can be interrupted at any time. The application front end will run on Fargate, and Lambda will serve the API layer. The front-end utilization and API layer utilization will be predictable over the course of the next year.
Which combination of purchasing options will provide the MOST cost-effective solution for hosting this application?




141.A company runs a web-based portal that provides users with global breaking news, local alerts, and weather updates. The portal delivers each user a personalized view by using mixture of static and dynamic content. Content is served over HTTPS through an API server running on an Amazon EC2 instance behind an Application Load Balancer (ALB). The company wants the portal to provide this content to its users across the world as quickly as possible.
How should a solutions architect design the application to ensure the LEAST amount of latency for all users? 




142.A gaming company is designing a highly available architecture. The application runs on a modified Linux kernel and supports only UDP-based traffic. The company needs the front-end tier to provide the best possible user experience. That tier must have low latency, route traffic to the nearest edge location, and provide static IP addresses for entry into the application endpoints.
What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements? 




143.A company wants to migrate its existing on-premises monolithic application to AWS. The company wants to keep as much of the front-end code and the backend code as possible. However, the company wants to break the application into smaller applications. A different team will manage each application. The company needs a highly scalable solution that minimizes operational overhead.
Which solution will meet these requirements? 



144.A company recently started using Amazon Aurora as the data store for its global ecommerce application. When large reports are run, developers report that the ecommerce application is performing poorly. After reviewing metrics in Amazon CloudWatch, a solutions architect finds that the ReadIOPS and CPUUtilizalion metrics are spiking when monthly reports run.
What is the MOST cost-effective solution? 



145.A company hosts a website analytics application on a single Amazon EC2 On-Demand Instance. The analytics software is written in PHP and uses a MySQL database. The analytics software, the web server that provides PHP, and the database server are all hosted on the EC2 instance. The application is showing signs of performance degradation during busy times. The company needs to make the application scale seamlessly.
Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively? 




146.A company runs a stateless web application in production on a group of Amazon EC2 On-Demand Instances behind an Application Load Balancer. The application experiences heavy usage during an 8-hour period each business day. Application usage is moderate and steady overnight. Application usage is low during weekends.
The company wants to minimize its EC2 costs without affecting the availability of the application.
Which solution will meet these requirements?




147.A company needs to retain application log files for a critical application for 10 years. The application team regularly accesses logs from the past month for troubleshooting, but logs older than 3 month are rarely accessed. The application generates more than 30 TB of logs per month.
Which storage option meets these requirements MOST cost-effectively? 




148. A company has a data ingestion workflow that includes the following components: 
An Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) topic that receives notifications about new data deliveries
An AWS Lambda function that processes and stores the data
The ingestion workflow occasionally fails because of network connectivity issues. When failure occurs, the corresponding data is not ingested unless the company manually reruns the job.
What should a solutions architect do to ensure that all notifications are eventually processed?




149.A company has a service that produces event data. The company wants to use AWS to process the event data as it is received. The data is written in a specific order that must be maintained throughout processing. The company wants to implement a solution that minimizes operational overhead.
How should a solutions architect accomplish this? 




150.A company is migrating an application from on-premises servers to Amazon EC2 instances. As part of the migration design requirements, a solutions architect must implement infrastructure metric alarms. The company does not need to take action if CPU utilization increases to more than 535% for a short burst of time. However, if the CPU utilization increases to more than 50% and read IOPS on the disk are high at the same time, the company needs to act as soon as possible. The solutions architect also must reduce false alarms.
What should the solutions architect do to meet these requirements? 
