236. A company has a three-tier application for image sharing. The application uses an Amazon EC2 instance for the front-end layer, another EC2 instance for the application layer, and a third EC2 instance for a MySQL database. A solutions architect must design a scalable and highly available solution that requires the least amount of change to the application.
Which solution meets these requirements?



237. An application running on an Amazon EC2 instance in VPC_1 needs to access files in another EC2 instance in VPC_2. Both VPCs are in separate AWS accounts. The network administrator needs to design a solution to configure secure access to EC2 instance in VPC_2 from VPC_1. The connectivity should not have a single point of failure or bandwidth concerns.
Which solution will meet these requirements?



238. A company wants to experiment with individual AWS accounts for its engineer team. The company wants to be notified as soon as the Amazon EC2 instance usage for a given month exceeds a specific threshold for each account.
What should a solutions architect do to meet this requirement MOST cost-effectively?




239. A solutions architect needs to design a new microservice for a company’s application. Clients must be able to call an HTTPS endpoint to reach the microservice. The microservice also must use AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) to authenticate calls. The solutions architect will write the logic for this microservice by using a single AWS Lambda function.
Which solution will deploy the function in the MOST operationally efficient way?




240. A company previously migrated its data warehouse solution to AWS. The company also has an AWS Direct Connect connection. Corporate office users query the data warehouse using a visualization tool. The average size of a query returned by the data warehouse is 50 MB and each webpage sent by the visualization tool is approximately 350 KB. Result sets returned by the data warehouse are not cached.
Which solution provides the LOWEST data transfer egress cost for the company?




241. n online learning company is migrating to the AWS Cloud. The company maintains its student records in a PostgreSQL database. The company needs a solution in which its data is available and online across multiple AWS Regions at all times.
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST amount of operational overhead?




242. A company hosts its web application on AWS using seven Amazon EC2 instances. The company requires that the IP addresses of all healthy EC2 instances be returned in response to DNS queries.
Which policy should be used to meet this requirement?




243. A medical research lab produces data that is related to a new study. The lab wants to make the data available with minimum latency to clinics across the country for their on-premises, file-based applications. The data files are stored in an Amazon S3 bucket that has read-only permissions for each clinic.
What should a solutions architect recommend to meet these requirements?




244. A company is using a content management system that runs on a single Amazon EC2 instance. The EC2 instance contains both the web server and the database software. The company must make its website platform highly available and must enable the website to scale to meet user demand.
What should a solutions architect recommend to meet these requirements?




245. A company is launching an application on AWS. The application uses an Application Load Balancer (ALB) to direct traffic to at least two Amazon EC2 instances in a single target group. The instances are in an Auto Scaling group for each environment. The company requires a development environment and a production environment. The production environment will have periods of high traffic.
Which solution will configure the development environment MOST cost-effectively?


246. A company runs a web application on Amazon EC2 instances in multiple Availability Zones. The EC2 instances are in private subnets. A solutions architect implements an internet-facing Application Load Balancer (ALB) and specifies the EC2 instances as the target group. However, the internet traffic is not reaching the EC2 instances.
How should the solutions architect reconfigure the architecture to resolve this issue?



247. A company has deployed a database in Amazon RDS for MySQL. Due to increased transactions, the database support team is reporting slow reads against the DB instance and recommends adding a read replica.
Which combination of actions should a solutions architect take before implementing this change?



248. Users report that some submitted data is not being processed Amazon CloudWatch reveals that the EC2 instances have a consistent CPU utilization at or near 100%. The company wants to improve system performance and scale the system based on user load.
What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements?


249. A company is implementing a shared storage solution for a media application that is hosted in the AWS Cloud. The company needs the ability to use SMB clients to access data. The solution must be fully managed.
Which AWS solution meets these requirements?




250. A company’s security team requests that network traffic be captured in VPC Flow Logs. The logs will be frequently accessed for 90 days and then accessed intermittently.
What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements when configuring the logs?



