296. A development team has launched a new application that is hosted on Amazon EC2 instances inside a development VPC. A solutions architect needs to create a new VPC in the same account. The new VPC will be peered with the development VPC. The VPC CIDR block for the development VPC is 192.168.0.0/24. The solutions architect needs to create a CIDR block for the new VPC. The CIDR block must be valid for a VPC peering connection to the development VPC.
What is the SMALLEST CIDR block that meets these requirements?




297. A solutions architect needs to implement a solution to automate the scalability of the application. The solution must optimize the cost of the architecture and must ensure that the application has enough CPU resources when surges occur.
Which solution will meet these requirements?




298. A company is running a critical business application on Amazon EC2 instances behind an Application Load Balancer. The EC2 instances run in an Auto Scaling group and access an Amazon RDS DB instance. The design did not pass an operational review because the EC2 instances and the DB instance are all located in a single Availability Zone. A solutions architect must update the design to use a second Availability Zone.
Which solution will make the application highly available?



299. A research laboratory needs to process approximately 8 TB of data. The laboratory requires sub-millisecond latencies and a minimum throughput of 6 GBps for the storage subsystem. Hundreds of Amazon EC2 instances that run Amazon Linux will distribute and process the data.
Which solution will meet the performance requirements?



300. A company needs to migrate a legacy application from an on-premises data center to the AWS Cloud because of hardware capacity constraints. The application runs 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. The application’s database storage continues to grow over time.
What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively?



301. A university research laboratory needs to migrate 30 TB of data from an on-premises Windows file server to Amazon FSx for Windows File Server. The laboratory has a 1 Gbps network link that many other departments in the university share. The laboratory wants to implement a data migration service that will maximize the performance of the data transfer. However, the laboratory needs to be able to control the amount of bandwidth that the service uses to minimize the impact on other departments. The data migration must take place within the next 5 days.
Which AWS solution will meet these requirements?




302. A company wants to create a mobile app that allows users to stream slow-motion video clips on their mobile devices. Currently, the app captures video clips and uploads the video clips in raw format into an Amazon S3 bucket. The app retrieves these video clips directly from the S3 bucket. However, the videos are large in their raw format. Users are experiencing issues with buffering and playback on mobile devices. The company wants to implement solutions to maximize the performance and scalability of the app while minimizing operational overhead.
Which combination of solutions will meet these requirements? 




303. A company is launching a new application deployed on an Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) cluster and is using the Fargate launch type for ECS tasks. The company is monitoring CPU and memory usage because it is expecting high traffic to the application upon its launch. However, the company wants to reduce costs when utilization decreases.
What should a solutions architect recommend?




304. A company recently created a disaster recovery site in a different AWS Region. The company needs to transfer large amounts of data back and forth between NFS file systems in the two Regions on a periodic basis.
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?





305. A company is designing a shared storage solution for a gaming application that is hosted in the AWS Cloud. The company needs the ability to use SMB clients to access data. The solution must be fully managed.
Which AWS solution meets these requirements?




306. A company wants to run an in-memory database for a latency-sensitive application that runs on Amazon EC2 instances. The application processes more than 100,000 transactions each minute and requires high network throughput. A solutions architect needs to provide a cost-effective network design that minimizes data transfer charges.
Which solution meets these requirements?




307. A company that primarily runs its application servers on premises has decided to migrate to AWS. The company wants to minimize its need to scale its Internet Small Computer Systems Interface (iSCSI) storage on premises. The company wants only its recently accessed data to remain stored locally.
Which AWS solution should the company use to meet these requirements?





308. A company has multiple AWS accounts that use consolidated billing. The company runs several active high performance Amazon RDS for Oracle On-Demand DB instances for 90 days. The company’s finance team has access to AWS Trusted Advisor in the consolidated billing account and all other AWS accounts. The finance team needs to use the appropriate AWS account to access the Trusted Advisor check recommendations for RDS. The finance team must review the appropriate Trusted Advisor check to reduce RDS costs.
Which combination of steps should the finance team take to meet these requirements? (Choose two.)




309. A solutions architect needs to optimize storage costs. The solutions architect must identify any Amazon S3 buckets that are no longer being accessed or are rarely accessed. Which solution will accomplish this goal with the LEAST operational overhead? 




310. A company sells datasets to customers who do research in artificial intelligence and machine learning (AI/ML). The datasets are large, formatted files that are stored in an Amazon S3 bucket in the us-east-1 Region. The company hosts a web application that the customers use to purchase access to a given dataset. The web application is deployed on multiple Amazon EC2 instances behind an Application Load Balancer. After a purchase is made, customers receive an S3 signed URL that allows access to the files. The customers are distributed across North America and Europe. The company wants to reduce the cost that is associated with data transfers and wants to maintain or improve performance.
What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements?