151.A company wants to migrate its on-premises data center to AWS. According to the company's compliance requirements, the company can use only the ap-northeast-3 Region. Company administrators are not permitted to connect VPCs to the internet.
Which solutions will meet these requirements? 



152.A company uses a three-tier web application to provide training to new employees. The application is accessed for only 4 hours every day. The company is using an Amazon RDS for MySQL DB instance to store information and wants to minimize costs.
What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements? 



153.A company sells ringtones created from clips of popular songs. The files containing the ringtones are stored in Amazon S3 Standard. The company has millions of files, but downloads are infrequent for ringtones older than 180 days. The company needs to save money on storage while keeping the most accessed files readily available for its users.
Which action should the company take to meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively?



154.A company needs to save the results from a medical trial to an Amazon S3 repository. The repository must allow a few scientists to add new files and must restrict all other users to read-only access. No users can have the ability to modify or delete any files in the repository. The company must keep every file in the repository for a minimum of 3 year after its creation date.
Which solution will meet these requirements? 



155.A large media company hosts a web application on AWS. The company wants to start caching confidential media files so that users around the world will have reliable access to the files. The content is stored in Amazon S3 buckets. The company must deliver the content quickly, regardless of where the requests originate geographically.
Which solution will meet these requirements? 




156.A company produces batch data that comes from different databases. The company also produces live stream data from network sensors and application APIs. The company needs to consolidate all the data into one place for business analytics. The company needs to process the incoming data and then stage the data in different Amazon S3 buckets. Teams will later run one-time queries and import the data into a business intelligence tool to show key performance indicators (KPIs).
Which combination of steps will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead? 




157.A company stores data in an Amazon Aurora PostgreSQL DB cluster. The company must store all the data for 15 years and must delete all the data after 15 years. The company also must indefinitely keep audit logs of actions that are performed within the database. Currently, the company has automated backups configured for Aurora.
Which combination of steps should a solutions architect take to meet these requirements? 




158.A solutions architect is optimizing a website for an upcoming musical event. Videos of the performances will be streamed in real time and then will be available on demand. The event is expected to attract a global online audience.
Which service will improve the performance of both the real-time and on-demand streaming?




159.A company is running a publicly accessible serverless application that uses Amazon API Gateway and AWS Lambda. The application’s traffic recently spiked due to fraudulent requests from botnets.
Which steps should a solutions architect take to block requests from unauthorized users? 





160.An ecommerce company hosts its analytics application in the AWS Cloud. The application generates about 300 MB of data each month. The data is stored in JSON format. The company is evaluating a disaster recovery solution to back up the data. The data must be accessible in milliseconds if it is needed, and the data must be kept for 45 days.
Which solution meets these requirements MOST cost-effectively? 




161.A company has a small Python application that processes JSON documents and outputs the results to an on-premises SQL database. The application runs thousands of times each day. The company wants to move the application to the AWS Cloud. The company needs a highly available solution that maximizes scalability and minimizes operational overhead.
Which solution will meet these requirements?




162.A company wants to use high performance computing (HPC) infrastructure on AWS for financial risk modeling. The company’s HPC workloads run on Linux. Each HPC workflow runs on hundreds of Amazon EC2 Spot Instances, is short-lived, and generates thousands of output files that are ultimately stored in persistent storage for analytics and long-term future use.
The company seeks a cloud storage solution that permits the copying of on-premises data to long-term persistent storage to make data available for processing by all EC2 instances. The solution should also be a high performance file system that is integrated with persistent storage to read and write datasets and output files.
Which combination of AWS services meets these requirements? 




163.A company is building a containerized application on premises and decides to move the application to AWS. The application will have thousands of users soon after it is deployed. The company is unsure how to manage the deployment of containers at scale. The company needs to deploy the containerized application in a highly available architecture that minimizes operational overhead.
Which solution will meet these requirements? 




164.A company has two applications: a sender application that sends messages with payloads to be processed and a processing application intended to receive the messages with payloads. The company wants to implement an AWS service to handle messages between the two applications. The sender application can send about 1M messages each hour. The messages may take up to 1 days to be processed: If the messages fail to process, they must be retained so that they do not impact the processing of any remaining messages.




165.A solutions architect must design a solution that uses Amazon CloudFront with an Amazon S3 origin to store a static website. The company’s security policy requires that all website traffic be inspected by AWS WAF.
