76.A company receives 10 TB of instrumentation data each day from several machines located at a single factory. The data consists of JSON files stored on a storage area network (SAN) in an on-premises data center located within the factory. The company wants to send this data to Amazon S3 where it can be accessed by several additional systems that provide critical near-real-time analytics. A secure transfer is important because the data is considered sensitive. Which solution offers the MOST reliable data transfer? 



77.A company needs to configure a real-time data ingestion architecture for its application. The company needs an API, a process that transforms data as the data is streamed, and a storage solution for the data. Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?



78.A company needs to keep user transaction data in an Amazon DynamoDB table. The company must retain the data for 10 years. What is the MOST operationally efficient solution that meets these requirements? 



79.A company is planning to use an Amazon DynamoDB table for data storage. The company is concerned about cost optimization. The table will not be used on most mornings. In the evenings, the read and write traffic will often be unpredictable. When traffic spikes occur, they will happen very quickly. What should a solutions architect recommend? 



80.A company recently signed a contract with an AWS Managed Service Provider (MSP) Partner for help with an application migration initiative. A solutions architect needs ta share an Amazon Machine Image (AMI) from an existing AWS account with the MSP Partner's AWS account. The AMI is backed by Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) and uses an AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) customer managed key to encrypt EBS volume snapshots. What is the MOST secure way for the solutions architect to share the AMI with the MSP Partner's AWS account? 



81.A solutions architect is designing the cloud architecture for a new application being deployed on AWS. The process should run in parallel while adding and removing application nodes as needed based on the number of jobs to be processed. The processor application is stateless. The solutions architect must ensure that the application is loosely coupled and the job items are durably stored. Which design should the solutions architect use? 



82.A company hosts its web applications in the AWS Cloud. The company configures Elastic Load Balancers to use certificates that are imported into AWS Certificate Manager (ACM). The company's security team must be notified 45 days before the expiration of each certificate. What should a solutions architect recommend to meet this requirement? 



83.A company's dynamic website is hosted using on-premises servers in the United States. The company is launching its product in Europe, and it wants to optimize site loading times for new European users. The site's backend must remain in the United States. The product is being launched in a few days, and an immediate solution is needed. What should the solutions architect recommend? 



84.A company wants to reduce the cost of its existing three-tier web architecture. The web, application, and database servers are running on Amazon EC2 instances for the development, test, and production environments. The EC2 instances average 30% CPU utilization during peak hours and 18% CPU utilization during non-peak hours. The production EC2 instances run 24 hours a day. The development and test EC2 instances run for at least 13 hours each day. The company plans to implement automation to stop the development and test EC2 instances when they are not in use. Which EC2 instance purchasing solution will meet the company's requirements MOST cost-effectively? 



85.A company has a production web application in which users upload documents through a web interface or a mobile app. According to a new regulatory requirement. new documents cannot be modified or deleted after they are stored. What should a solutions architect do to meet this requirement? 



86.A company has several web servers that need to frequently access a common Amazon RDS MySQL Multi-AZ DB instance. The company wants a secure method for the web servers to connect to the database while meeting a security requirement to rotate user credentials frequently. Which solution meets these requirements? 




87.A company hosts an application on AWS Lambda functions that are invoked by an Amazon API Gateway API. The Lambda functions save customer data to an Amazon Aurora MySQL database. Whenever the company upgrades the database, the Lambda functions fail to establish database connections until the upgrade is complete. The result is that customer data is not recorded for some of the event. A solutions architect needs to design a solution that stores customer data that is created during database upgrades. Which solution will meet these requirements? 




88.A survey company has gathered data for several years from areas in the United States. The company hosts the data in an Amazon S3 bucket that is 15 TB in size and growing. The company has started to share the data with a European marketing firm that has S3 buckets. The company wants to ensure that its data transfer costs remain as low as possible. Which solution will meet these requirements? 




89.A company uses Amazon S3 to store its confidential audit documents. The S3 bucket uses bucket policies to restrict access to audit team IAM user credentials according to the principle of least privilege. Company managers are worried about accidental deletion of documents in the S3 bucket and want a more secure solution. What should a solutions architect do to secure the audit documents? 




90.A company is using a SQL database to store movie data that is publicly accessible. The database runs on an Amazon RDS Single-AZ DB instance. A script runs queries at random intervals each day to record the number of new movies that have been added to the database. The script must report a final total during business hours. The company's development team notices that the database performance is inadequate for development tasks when the script is running. A solutions architect must recommend a solution to resolve this issue. Which solution will meet this requirement with the LEAST operational overhead? 