106.A company is preparing to store confidential data in Amazon S3. For compliance reasons, the data must be encrypted at rest. Encryption key usage must be logged for auditing purposes. Keys must be rotated every year. 
Which solution meets these requirements and is the MOST operationally efficient? 



107.A bicycle sharing company is developing a multi-tier architecture to track the location of its bicycles during peak operating hours. The company wants to use these data points in its existing analytics platform. A solutions architect must determine the most viable multi-tier option to support this architecture. The data points must be accessible from the REST API. 
Which action meets these requirements for storing and retrieving location data? 




108.A company has an automobile sales website that stores its listings in a database on Amazon RDS. When an automobile is sold, the listing needs to be removed from the website and the data must be sent to multiple target systems. 
Which design should a solutions architect recommend?



109.A company needs to store data in Amazon S3 and must prevent the data from being changed. The company wants new objects that are uploaded to Amazon S3 to remain unchangeable for a nonspecific amount of time until the company decides to modify the objects. Only specific users in the company's AWS account can have the ability delete the objects. 
What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements? 




110.A social media company allows users to upload images to its website. The website runs on Amazon EC2 instances. During upload requests, the website resizes the images to a standard size and stores the resized images in Amazon S3. Users are experiencing slow upload requests to the website. The company needs to reduce coupling within the application and improve website performance. A solutions architect must design the most operationally efficient process for image uploads. 
Which combination of actions should the solutions architect take to meet these requirements? 



111.A company recently migrated a message processing system to AWS. The system receives messages into an ActiveMQ queue running on an Amazon EC2 instance. Messages are processed by a consumer application running on Amazon EC2. The consumer application processes the messages and writes results to a MySQL database running on Amazon EC2. The company wants this application to be highly available with low operational complexity.
Which architecture offers the HIGHEST availability? 



112.A company hosts a containerized web application on a fleet of on-premises servers that process incoming requests. The number of requests is growing quickly. The on-premises servers cannot handle the increased number of requests. The company wants to move the application to AWS with minimum code changes and minimum development effort.
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?




113.A company uses 150 TB of data for reporting. The company wants to move this data from on premises to AWS. A custom application in the company’s data center runs a weekly data transformation job. The company plans to pause the application until the data transfer is complete and needs to begin the transfer process as soon as possible.
The data center does not have any available network bandwidth for additional workloads. A solutions architect must transfer the data and must configure the transformation job to continue to run in the AWS Cloud.
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead? 



114.A company has created an image analysis application in which users can upload photos and add photo frames to their images. The users upload images and metadata to indicate which photo frames they want to add to their images. The application uses a single Amazon EC2 instance and Amazon DynamoDB to store the metadata.
The application is becoming more popular, and the number of users is increasing. The company expects the number of concurrent users to vary significantly depending on the time of day and day of week. The company must ensure that the application can scale to meet the needs of the growing user base.
Which solution meats these requirements?



115.A medical records company is hosting an application on Amazon EC2 instances. The application processes customer data files that are stored on Amazon S3. The EC2 instances are hosted in public subnets. The EC2 instances access Amazon S3 over the internet, but they do not require any other network access. A new requirement mandates that the network traffic for file transfers take a private route and not be sent over the internet.
Which change to the network architecture should a solutions architect recommend to meet this requirement? 



116.A company uses a popular content management system (CMS) for its corporate website. However, the required patching and maintenance are burdensome. The company is redesigning its website and wants anew solution. The website will be updated four times a year and does not need to have any dynamic content available. The solution must provide high scalability and enhanced security.
Which combination of changes will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?



117.A company stores its application logs in an Amazon CloudWatch Logs log group. A new policy requires the company to store all application logs in Amazon OpenSearch Service (Amazon Elasticsearch Service) in near-real time.
Which solution will meet this requirement with the LEAST operational overhead? 



118.A company is building a web-based application running on Amazon EC2 instances in multiple Availability Zones. The web application will provide access to a repository of text documents totaling about 900 TB in size. The company anticipates that the web application will experience periods of high demand. A solutions architect must ensure that the storage component for the text documents can scale to meet the demand of the application at all times. The company is concerned about the overall cost of the solution.
Which storage solution meets these requirements MOST cost-effectively? 



119.A global company is using Amazon API Gateway to design REST APIs for its loyalty club users in the us-east-1 Region and the ap-southeast-2 Region. A solutions architect must design a solution to protect these API Gateway managed REST APIs across multiple accounts from SQL injection and cross-site scripting attacks.
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST amount of administrative effort? 



120.A company has implemented a self-managed DNS solution on three Amazon EC2 instances behind a Network Load Balancer (NLB). Most of the company's users are located in the United States and Europe. The company wants to improve the performance and availability of the solution. The company launches and configures three EC2 instances in the Region and adds the EC2 instances as targets for a new NLB.
Which solution can the company use to route traffic to all the EC2 instances? 