311. A company is using AWS to design a web application that will process insurance quotes. Users will request quotes from the application. Quotes must be separated by quote type, must be responded to within 24 hours, and must not get lost. The solution must maximize operational efficiency and must minimize maintenance.
Which solution meets these requirements?



312. A company has an application that runs on several Amazon EC2 instances. Each EC2 instance has multiple Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) data volumes attached to it. The application’s EC2 instance configuration and data need to be backed up nightly. The application also needs to be recoverable in a different AWS Region.
Which solution will meet these requirements in the MOST operationally efficient way?



313. A company is building a mobile app on AWS. The company wants to expand its reach to millions of users. The company needs to build a platform so that authorized users can watch the company’s content on their mobile devices.
What should a solutions architect recommend to meet these requirements?




314. A company has an on-premises MySQL database used by the global sales team with infrequent access patterns. The sales team requires the database to have minimal downtime. A database administrator wants to migrate this database to AWS without selecting a particular instance type in anticipation of more users in the future.
Which service should a solutions architect recommend?




315. A company experienced a breach that affected several applications in its on-premises data center. The attacker took advantage of vulnerabilities in the custom applications that were running on the servers. The company is now migrating its applications to run on Amazon EC2 instances. The company wants to implement a solution that actively scans for vulnerabilities on the EC2 instances and sends a report that details the findings.
Which solution will meet these requirements?




316. A company uses an Amazon EC2 instance to run a script to poll for and process messages in an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) queue. The company wants to reduce operational costs while maintaining its ability to process a growing number of messages that are added to the queue.
What should a solutions architect recommend to meet these requirements?




317. A company uses a legacy application to produce data in CSV format. The legacy application stores the output data in Amazon S3. The company is deploying a new commercial off-the-shelf (COTS) application that can perform complex SQL queries to analyze data that is stored in Amazon Redshift and Amazon S3 only. However, the COTS application cannot process the .csv files that the legacy application produces. The company cannot update the legacy application to produce data in another format. The company needs to implement a solution so that the COTS application can use the data that the legacy application produces.
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?



318. A company recently migrated its entire IT environment to the AWS Cloud. The company discovers that users are provisioning oversized Amazon EC2 instances and modifying security group rules without using the appropriate change control process. A solutions architect must devise a strategy to track and audit these inventory and configuration changes. Which actions should the solutions architect take to meet these requirements? 




319. A company has hundreds of Amazon EC2 Linux-based instances in the AWS Cloud. Systems administrators have used shared SSH keys to manage the instances. After a recent audit, the company’s security team is mandating the removal of all shared keys. A solutions architect must design a solution that provides secure access to the EC2 instances. Which solution will meet this requirement with the LEAST amount of administrative overhead?




320. A company is using a fleet of Amazon EC2 instances to ingest data from on-premises data sources. The data is in JSON format and ingestion rates can be as high as 1 MB/s. When an EC2 instance is rebooted, the data in-flight is lost. The company’s data science team wants to query ingested data in near-real time. Which solution provides near-real-time data querying that is scalable with minimal data loss?
