1. What should a solutions architect do to ensure that all objects uploaded to an Amazon S3 bucket are encrypted?



2. A solutions architect is designing a multi-tier application for a company. The application's users upload images from a mobile device. The application generates a thumbnail of each image and returns a message to the user to confirm that the image was uploaded successfully. The thumbnail generation can take up to 60 seconds, but the company wants to provide a faster response time to its users to notify them that the original image was received. The solutions architect must design the application to asynchronously dispatch requests to the different application tiers. What should the solutions architect do to meet these requirements?



3. A company’s facility has badge readers at every entrance throughout the building. When badges are scanned, the readers send a message over HTTPS to indicate who attempted to access that particular entrance. A solutions architect must design a system to process these messages from the sensors. The solution must be highly available, and the results must be made available for the company’s security team to analyze. Which system architecture should the solutions architect recommend?



4.  A company wants to implement a disaster recovery plan for its primary on-premises file storage volume. The file storage volume is mounted from an Internet Small Computer device on a local storage server. The file storage volume holds hundreds of terabytes (TB) of data. The company wants to ensure that end users retain immediate access to all file types from the on-premises systems without experiencing latency. Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST amount of change to the company's existing infrastructure?



5. A company is hosting a web application from an Amazon S3 bucket. The application uses Amazon Cognito as an identity provider to authenticate users and return a JSON Web Token (JWT) that provides access to protected resources that are stored in another S3 bucket. Upon deployment of the application, users report errors and are unable to access the protected content. A solutions architect must resolve this issue by providing proper permissions so that users can access the protected content. Which solution meets these requirements?



6. An image hosting company uploads its large assets to Amazon S3 Standard buckets. The company uses multipart upload in parallel by using S3 APIs and overwrites if the same object is uploaded again. For the first 30 days after upload, the objects will be accessed frequently. The objects will be used less frequently after 30 days, but the access patterns for each object will be inconsistent. The company must optimize its S3 storage costs while maintaining high availability and resiliency of stored assets. Which combination of actions should a solutions architect recommend to meet these requirements? 



7. A solutions architect must secure a VPC network that hosts Amazon EC2 instances. The EC2 instances contain highly sensitive data and run in a private subnet. According to company policy, the EC2 instances that run in the VPC can access only approved third-party software repositories on the internet for software product updates that use the third party’s URL. Other internet traffic must be blocked. Which solution meets these requirements?




8. A company is hosting a three-tier ecommerce application in the AWS Cloud. The company hosts the website on Amazon S3 and integrates the website with an API that handles sales requests. The company hosts the API on three Amazon EC2 instances behind an Application Load Balancer (ALB). The API consists of static and dynamic front-end content along with backend workers that process sales requests asynchronously. The company is expecting a significant and sudden increase in the number of sales requests during events for the launch of new products. What should a solutions architect recommend to ensure that all the requests are processed successfully?



9. A security audit reveals that Amazon EC2 instances are not being patched regularly. A solutions architect needs to provide a solution that will run regular security scans across a large fleet of EC2 instances. The solution should also patch the EC2 instances on a regular schedule and provide a report of each instance’s patch status. Which solution will meet these requirements?



10. A company is planning to store data on Amazon RDS DB instances. The company must encrypt the data at rest. What should a solutions architect do to meet this requirement?



11. A company must migrate 55 TB of data from a data center to the AWS Cloud within 30 days. The company’s network bandwidth is limited to 15 Mbps and cannot exceed 80% utilization. What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements?



12. A company needs to provide its employees with secure access to confidential and sensitive files. The company wants to ensure that the files can be accessed only by authorized users. The files must be downloaded securely to the employees’ devices. The files are stored in an on-premises Windows file server. However, due to an increase in remote usage, the file server is running out of capacity. Which solution will meet these requirements?



13. A company’s application runs on Amazon EC2 instances behind an Application Load Balancer (ALB). The instances run in an Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling group across multiple Availability Zones. On the first day of every month at midnight, the application becomes much slower when the month-end financial calculation batch runs. This causes the CPU utilization of the EC2 instances to immediately peak to 100%, which disrupts the application. What should a solutions architect recommend to ensure the application is able to handle the workload and avoid downtime?



14. A company wants to give a customer the ability to use on-premises Microsoft Active Directory to download files that are stored in Amazon S3. The customer’s application uses an SFTP client to download the files. Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead and no changes to the customer’s application?



15. A company is experiencing sudden increases in demand. The company needs to provision large Amazon EC2 instances from an Amazon Machine Image (AMI). The instances will run in an Auto Scaling group. The company needs a solution that provides minimum initialization latency to meet the demand. Which solution meets these requirements?