211. A company hosts multiple production applications. One of the applications consists of resources from Amazon EC2, AWS Lambda, Amazon RDS, Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS), and Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) across multiple AWS Regions. All company resources are tagged with a tag name of “application” and a value that corresponds to each application. A solutions architect must provide the quickest solution for identifying all of the tagged components.
Which solution meets these requirements?



212. A company needs to export its database once a day to Amazon S3 for other teams to access. The exported object size varies between 4 GB and 8 GB. The S3 access pattern for the data is variable and changes rapidly. The data must be immediately available and must remain accessible for up to 3 months. The company needs the most cost-effective solution that will not increase retrieval time.
Which S3 storage class should the company use to meet these requirements?



213. A company is developing a new mobile app. The company must implement proper traffic filtering to protect its Application Load Balancer (ALB) against common application-level attacks, such as cross-site scripting or SQL injection. The company has minimal infrastructure and operational staff. The company needs to reduce its share of the responsibility in managing, updating, and securing servers for its AWS environment.
What should a solutions architect recommend to meet these requirements?



214. A company’s reporting system delivers hundreds of .csv files to an Amazon S3 bucket each day. The company must convert these files to Apache Parquet format and must store the files in a transformed data bucket.
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST development effort?



215. A company has 550 TB of backup data stored in network attached storage (NAS) in its data center. This backup data need to be accessible for infrequent regulatory requests and must be retained 14 years. The company has decided to migrate this backup data from its data center to AWS. The migration must be complete within 2 month. The company has 700 Mbps of dedicated bandwidth on its public internet connection available for data transfer.
What should a solutions architect do to migrate and store the data at the LOWEST cost?



216. A company has a serverless website with millions of objects in an Amazon S3 bucket. The company uses the S3 bucket as the origin for an Amazon CloudFront distribution. The company did not set encryption on the S3 bucket before the objects were loaded. A solutions architect needs to enable encryption for all existing objects and for all objects that are added to the S3 bucket in the future.
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST amount of effort?




217. A company runs a global web application on Amazon EC2 instances behind an Application Load Balancer. The application stores data in Amazon Aurora. The company needs to create a disaster recovery solution and can tolerate up to 1 hour of downtime and potential data loss. The solution does not need to handle the load when the primary infrastructure is healthy.
What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements?



218. A company has a web server running on an Amazon EC2 instance in a public subnet with an Elastic IP address. The default security group is assigned to the EC2 instance. The default network ACL has been modified to block all traffic. A solutions architect needs to make the web server accessible from everywhere on port 443.
Which combination of steps will accomplish this task? 




219. A company’s application is having performance issues. The application is stateful and needs to complete in-memory tasks on Amazon EC2 instances. The company used AWS CloudFormation to deploy infrastructure and used the M5 EC2 instance family. As traffic increased, the application performance degraded. Users are reporting delays when the users attempt to access the application.
Which solution will resolve these issues in the MOST operationally efficient way?




220. A solutions architect is designing a new API using Amazon API Gateway that will receive requests from users. The volume of requests is highly variable; several hours can pass without receiving a single request. The data processing will take place asynchronously, but should be completed within a few seconds after a request is made.
Which compute service should the solutions architect have the API invoke to deliver the requirements at the lowest cost?



221. A company runs an application on a group of Amazon Linux EC2 instances. For compliance reasons, the company must retain all application log files for 7 years. The log files will be analyzed by a reporting tool that must be able to access all the files concurrently.
Which storage solution meets these requirements MOST cost-effectively?




222. A company has hired an external vendor to perform work in the company’s AWS account. The vendor uses an automated tool that is hosted in an AWS account that the vendor owns. The vendor does not have IAM access to the company’s AWS account.
How should a solutions architect grant this access to the vendor?



223. A company has deployed a Java Spring Boot application as a pod that runs on Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (Amazon EKS) in private subnets. The application needs to write data to an Amazon DynamoDB table. A solutions architect must ensure that the application can interact with the DynamoDB table without exposing traffic to the internet.
Which combination of steps should the solutions architect take to accomplish this goal? 




224. A company uses Amazon EC2 instances and stores data on Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) volumes. The company must ensure that all data is encrypted at rest by using AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS). The company must be able to control rotation of the encryption
keys.
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?



225. A media company collects and analyzes user activity data on premises. The company wants to migrate this capability to AWS. The user activity data store will continue to grow and will be petabytes in size. The company needs to build a highly available data ingestion solution that facilitates on-demand analytics of existing data and new data with SQL.
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?