166.Organizers for a global event want to put daily reports online as static HTML pages. The pages are expected to generate millions of views from users around the world. The files are stored in an Amazon S3 bucket. A solutions architect has been asked to design an efficient and effective solution.
Which action should the solutions architect take to accomplish this? 



167.A company runs a production application on a fleet of Amazon EC2 instances. The application reads the data from an Amazon SQS queue and processes the messages in parallel. The message volume is unpredictable and often has intermittent traffic. This application should continually process messages without any downtime.
Which solution meets these requirements MOST cost-effectively? 



168.A security team wants to limit access to specific services or actions in all of the team’s AWS accounts. All accounts belong to a large organization in AWS Organizations. The solution must be scalable and there must be a single point where permissions can be maintained.




169.A company is concerned about the security of its public web application due to recent web attacks. The application uses an Application Load Balancer (ALB). A solutions architect must reduce the risk of DDoS attacks against the application.
What should the solutions architect do to meet this requirement? 



170.A company’s web application is running on Amazon EC2 instances behind an Application Load Balancer. The company recently changed its policy, which now requires the application to be accessed from one specific country only.




171.A company provides an API to its users that automates inquiries for tax computations based on item prices. The company experiences a larger number of inquiries during the holiday season only that cause slower response times. A solutions architect needs to design a solution that is scalable and elastic.
What should the solutions architect do to accomplish this? 




172.A solutions architect is creating a new Amazon CloudFront distribution for an application. Some of the information submitted by users is sensitive. The application uses HTTPS but needs another layer of security. The sensitive information should.be protected throughout the entire application stack, and access to the information should be restricted to certain applications.
Which action should the solutions architect take? 




173.A gaming company hosts a browser-based application on AWS. The users of the application consume a large number of videos and images that are stored in Amazon S3. This content is the same for all users. The application has increased in popularity, and millions of users worldwide accessing these media files. The company wants to provide the files to the users while reducing the load on the origin.
Which solution meets these requirements MOST cost-effectively?




174.A company has a multi-tier application that runs six front-end web servers in an Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling group in a single Availability Zone behind an Application Load Balancer (ALB). A solutions architect needs to modify the infrastructure to be highly available without modifying the application.
Which architecture should the solutions architect choose that provides high availability? 




175.An ecommerce company has an order-processing application that uses Amazon API Gateway and an AWS Lambda function. The application stores data in an Amazon Aurora PostgreSQL database. During a recent sales event, a sudden surge in customer orders occurred. Some customers experienced timeouts, and the application did not process the orders of those customers. A solutions architect determined that the CPU utilization and memory utilization were high on the database because of a large number of open connections. The solutions architect needs to prevent the timeout errors while making the least possible changes to the application.
Which solution will meet these requirements?




176.An application runs on Amazon EC2 instances in private subnets. The application needs to access an Amazon DynamoDB table.
What is the MOST secure way to access the table while ensuring that the traffic does not leave the AWS network? 



177.An entertainment company is using Amazon DynamoDB to store media metadata. The application is read intensive and experiencing delays. The company does not have staff to handle additional operational overhead and needs to improve the performance efficiency of DynamoDB without reconfiguring the application.
What should a solutions architect recommend to meet this requirement? 



178.A company’s infrastructure consists of Amazon EC2 instances and an Amazon RDS DB instance in a single AWS Region. The company wants to back up its data in a separate Region.
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead? 



179. A solutions architect needs to securely store a database user name and password that an application uses to access an Amazon RDS DB instance. The application that accesses the database runs on an Amazon EC2 instance. The solutions architect wants to create a secure parameter in AWS Systems Manager Parameter Store.
What should the solutions architect do to meet this requirement?



180.A company is designing a cloud communications platform that is driven by APIs. The application is hosted on Amazon EC2 instances behind a Network Load Balancer (NLB). The company uses Amazon API Gateway to provide external users with access to the application through APIs. The company wants to protect the platform against web exploits like SQL injection and also wants to detect and mitigate large, sophisticated DDoS attacks.
Which combination of solutions provides the MOST protection?