281. A company runs a fleet of web servers using an Amazon RDS for PostgreSQL DB instance. After a routine compliance check, the company sets a standard that requires a recovery point objective (RPO) of less than 1 second for all its production databases.
Which solution meets these requirements?




282. A company runs a web application that is deployed on Amazon EC2 instances in the private subnet of a VPC. An Application Load Balancer (ALB) that extends across the public subnets directs web traffic to the EC2 instances. The company wants to implement new security measures to restrict inbound traffic from the ALB to the EC2 instances while preventing access from any other source inside or outside the private subnet of the EC2 instances.
Which solution will meet these requirements?




283. A company is moving its data and applications to AWS during a multiyear migration project. The company wants to securely access data on Amazon S3 from the company's AWS Region and from the company's on-premises location. The data must not traverse the internet. The company
has established an AWS Direct Connect connection between its Region and its on-premises location.
Which solution will meet these requirements?



284 As part of budget planning, management wants a report of AWS billed items listed by user. The data will be used to create department budgets. A solutions architect needs to determine the most efficient way to obtain this report information.
Which solution meets these requirements?




285. A company hosts its static website by using Amazon S3. The company wants to add a contact form to its webpage. The contact form will have dynamic server-side components for users to input their name, email address, phone number, and user message. The company anticipates that there will be fewer than 100 site visits each month.
Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively?




286. A company has a static website that is hosted on Amazon CloudFront in front of Amazon S3. The static website uses a database backend. The company notices that the website does not reflect updates that have been made in the website’s Git repository. The company checks the continuous integration and continuous delivery (CI/CD) pipeline between the Git repository and Amazon S3. The company verifies that the webhooks are configured properly and that the CI/CD pipeline is sending messages that indicate successful deployments. A solutions architect needs to implement a solution that displays the updates on the website.
Which solution will meet these requirements?




287. A company wants to migrate a Windows-based application from on premises to the AWS Cloud. The application has three tiers: an application tier, a business tier, and a database tier with Microsoft SQL Server. The company wants to use specific features of SQL Server such as native backups and Data Quality Services. The company also needs to share files for processing between the tiers.
How should a solutions architect design the architecture to meet these requirements?




288. A company is migrating a Linux-based web server group to AWS. The web servers must access files in a shared file store for some content. The company must not make any changes to the application.
What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements?




289. A company has an AWS Lambda function that needs read access to an Amazon S3 bucket that is located in the same AWS account.
Which solution will meet these requirements in the MOST secure manner?




290. A company hosts a web application on multiple Amazon EC2 instances. The EC2 instances are in an Auto Scaling group that scales in response to user demand. The company wants to optimize cost savings without making a long-term commitment.
Which EC2 instance purchasing option should a solutions architect recommend to meet these requirements?




291. A media company uses Amazon CloudFront for its publicly available streaming video content. The company wants to secure the video content that is hosted in Amazon S3 by controlling who has access. Some of the company’s users are using a custom HTTP client that does not support cookies. Some of the company’s users are unable to change the hardcoded URLs that they are using for access.
Which services or methods will meet these requirements with the LEAST impact to the users? (Choose two.)



292. A company is preparing a new data platform that will ingest real-time streaming data from multiple sources. The company needs to transform the data before writing the data to Amazon S3. The company needs the ability to use SQL to query the transformed data.
Which solutions will meet these requirements? 




293. A company has an on-premises volume backup solution that has reached its end of life. The company wants to use AWS as part of a new backup solution and wants to maintain local access to all the data while it is backed up on AWS. The company wants to ensure that the data backed up on AWS is automatically and securely transferred.
Which solution meets these requirements?



294. An application that is hosted on Amazon EC2 instances needs to access an Amazon S3 bucket. Traffic must not traverse the internet.
How should a solutions architect configure access to meet these requirements?




295. An ecommerce company stores terabytes of customer data in the AWS Cloud. The data contains personally identifiable information (PII). The company wants to use the data in three applications. Only one of the applications needs to process the PII. The PII must be removed before the other two applications process the data.
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?